CONTEXT
\n\n Roundtable Hold \n\nThe bustling hub area that exists outside of the Lands Between. A place to mingle with other adventurerers, craftsmen, resupply and discover a trove of blessings and rooms of secrets.\n\nRoundtable Hold is a Location in Elden Ring. The Roundtable Hold is found after Melina, a companion, arrives and takes you to it. This area can only be accessed via fast travel.\n\nRoundtable Hold Map in Elden Ring\nRoundtable Hold cannot be found in The Lands Between, as it can only be accessed via fast travel. Players must unlock the location first, done through a small event with Melina (information provided below).\n\nElden Ring NPCs and Merchants in Roundtable Hold\nAt the Roundtable Hold, you will find some NPCs on your first visit. A few more can be unlocked by meeting them in the open world.\n\nGideon Ofnir - Senior member and leader of the Hold.\nCorhyn - Holy practitioner who sells Incantations. \nDiallos - A noble looking for a loyal servant.\nRoderika - The NPC from the hut at Stormhill Shack. \nD, Hunter of the Dead - Undead hunter who can offer to give the location of Gurranq, Beast Clergyman.\nSmithing Master Hewg -  A blacksmith for weapon upgrades.\nFia -  A Deathbed Companion who can offer to embrace you. (Doing so gives you a debuff as well as an item that can replace it with a buff instead - the Baldachin's Blessing).\nNepheli Loux - A fellow Tarnished warrior first met in Stormveil Castle.\nSorcerer Rogier - A Tarnished sorcerer first encountered at Stormveil Castle.\nEnia - Met after defeating your first demigod.\nEnsha - The silent NPC standing outside of Gideon Ofnir's room.\nTwin Maiden Husks - A vendor who will take Bell Bearings to expand their inventory.\nDung Eater - An NPC at the end of the left hall, past the Twin Maiden Husks room (looks like an invader, but cannot attack).\n\nRoundtable Hold Information in Elden Ring\nIn order to reach Roundtable Hold, the player will need to encounter Melina once again when certain conditions are fulfilled. When the conditions are met, the player must rest at a Site of Grace on the open world, and upon doing so, Melina will appear and start a conversation automatically, in which she offers to take you to the Roundtable Hold.\nFor Melina to invite you to the Roundtable Hold, the player must activate/unlock (resting is not necessary) a Site of Grace in the open world--Sites of Grace in caves, tunnels and catacombs do not count for this condition. Said Site of Grace must not be located in Limgrave (West and East) or Weeping Peninsula. The most common contenders are Liurnia of the Lakes and Caelid.\nAfter attempting Margit the Fell Omen (he does not necessarily need to be killed) the player may rest at a Site of Grace in Limgrave such as the Castleward Tunnel Site of Grace and receive an invitation to the Roundtable from Melina if they had not received one prior by meeting the above condition.\nThe player can access Roundtable Hold as soon as they set foot in Limgrave (not required) by performing either of the following. Acquiring the Spectral Steed Whistle first to summon Torrent is recommended.\n\nReaching Liurnia of the Lakes and activating the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. \n\nThis area can be reached before facing Margit, the Fell Omen. By going to the end of the broken bridge where the Finger Reader Crone is first met (by following the path north from Stormhill Shack), the player will be able to see some debris leading down. Going down this way and taking the following path to the right (there will be wolves along the way) will lead the player to Liurnia of the Lakes and the Lake-Facing Cliffs Site of Grace. \n\nHowever, this method will cause Roderika to skip the first part of her quest and appear at Roundtable Hold immediately. The Golden Seed obtained from her can still be gathered at the Stormhill Shack afterwards.\n\nReaching Caelid and activating either the Smoldering Church or the Sellia Under-Stair Sites of Grace, or the Bestial Sanctum Site of Grace in Dragonbarrow. \n\nTo reach the Smoldering Church, the player can follow the path to the northeast of Stormhill Shack, past the Saintsbridge and Summonwater Village Outskirts Sites of Grace, until reaching Caelid proper. The church will be nearby at the left side of the road (facing north), with a Site of Grace inside it. \n\nPlease note that the entrance to the Smoldering Church is guarded by a NPC Invader, Anastasia, Tarnished-Eater. If the player does not wish to fight, they can opt to rush immediately inside the church and activate the Site of Grace. After this, they can either force quit the game (to despawn the invader), or simply wait around until the NPC comes up and kills them, allowing them to respawn inside the church. Then they can recover their runes and fast travel out of there.\n\nTo reach the Sellia Under-Stair Site of Grace, players can opt to use the trapped chest in Dragon-Burnt Ruins in Limgrave, which will teleport them to Sellia Crystal Tunnel. After that, run to the entrance of the place, unlocking the Site of Grace (it's recommended to rest here to remove the disabled teleport debuff) and heading outside the tunnel. Once the player is outside, head to the left ignoring all the enemies and follow the path without entering the swamp, past a few crumbling ruins.\nTo reach the Bestial Sanctum Site of Grace, use the way-gate directly north of the Third Church of Marika in eastern Limgrave. This will teleport you directly in front of the Bestial Sanctum doors. Open them, step inside and the Site of Grace is located a bit further inside, to the right between the pillars. D, Hunter of the Dead will mark the way-gate on the map if the player shows him any aquired Deathroot.\n\nOnce Roundtable Hold is unlocked, the player can go back and forth using the Fast Travel feature on the Map menu. The place is located (in the map menu) on the bottom left corner.\nRoundtable Hold acts as a hub for NPCs where players can access services, barter with merchants, and upgrade weapons and Spirit Ashes. NPCs here will have varying reactions to your presence. Some have set duties and will aid you with your quest, while others might request aid for their own quests. The rest will provide minimal interaction. You will find a number of NPCs in the central room.\nAs you progress through the rooms, beware of the lower section that you can enter by jumping over the balcony. Entering this area will result in a very difficult encounter with an invader, Mad Tongue Alberich.\n\nTo get back any runes that may have been lost to the invader, you can try dying right next to the big set of doors to the right of the hall after you drop down, close to where the invader spawns. After you die, go down the staircase near the blacksmith Hewg and to the doors immediately to your left (they're one and the same). You'll be able to see the glow of your runes and collect them from that side.\n\nImp Statue Doors\nYou can find two locked doors at the Roundtable Hold. The first door will require one Stonesword Key to open, and contains a chest holding Crepus's Black-Key Crossbow. The second door behind the first requires two keys to open (you'll need 3 keys in total to open both doors). You'll find the Assassin's Prayerbook behind the second gate.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Roundtable Hold\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nNone\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nAll weapon and Spirit Ash upgrade materials up to +24 and +9, respectively (after finding the required Bell Bearings and giving them to the Twin Maiden Husks NPC merchant.\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nBaldachin's Blessing (hold Fia)\nCrepus's Black-Key Crossbow (requires a Stonesword Key)\nAssassin's Prayerbook (requires two Stonesword Keys)\nCipher Pata\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nTaunter's Tongue (by killing Mad Tongue Alberich)\nPrayer Gesture\nWhat Do You Want? Gesture\nCurtsy Gesture\nReverential Bow Gesture (acquired after letting Mad Tongue Alberich complete his gesture)\n\nRoundtable Hold Creatures, Enemies and Bosses in Elden Ring\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nNone\n\nField Bosses, Bosses and Invaders\n\nMad Tongue Alberich\nEnsha\n\nElden Ring Roundtable Hold Gallery and Notes\nThere is a place in Leyndell Royal Capital that looks exactly like the Roundtable Hold, only that the NPCs found in Roundtable Hold are not there, giving us the idea that the Roundtable Hold seems to be the same place but located in a parallel realm.\nIt's required to visit the Roundtable Hold to enter Leyndell, Royal Capital.\nNEW! As of Patch 1.08, players can interact with the statue next to Roderika to access any of the three Colosseums. Note that in order to do so, players must have visited any of them previously.\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can one access Roundtable Hold in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
To access Roundtable Hold in Elden Ring, one must encounter Melina under certain conditions, rest at a Site of Grace, and then she will offer to take you there.
