CONTEXT
\nThe Outer Gods are mysterious beings mentioned throughout the lore of Elden Ring. They do not appear to manifest physical forms within the Lands Between and instead influence the events of the Lands Between in other ways, including through worship by denizens of the Lands Between and by powering incantations.\nThe Outer Gods are responsible for many of the events that happen both before and during Elden Ring's story, and have acted in both benevolent and malicious ways. \nConfirmed Outer Gods\n This is a list of Outer Gods whose status is confirmed explicitly by in-game descriptions. \n\nThe Formless Mother\nAn Outer God also known as the "Mother of Truth" who craves wounds. The Formless Mother is associated most closely with Mohg, Lord of Blood, giving him and his followers access to Blood Incantations. When Mohg stood before her, deep underground, his accursed blood erupted with fire. Mohg's attempts to elevate Miquella to Godhood imply that the Formless Mother possesses the ability to uplift someone to the status of God.\nReference to the Formless Mother being an Outer God can be found in the description of Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear.\n\nThe Sealed God of Scarlet Rot\nAn Outer God associated with the corrupting Scarlet Rot. Little is explicitly said about this God's nature or intentions but Gowry, who proclaims himself dedicated to the "Order of Rot", likens said order to "the cycle of decay and rebirth".\nAccording to the Blue Dancer Charm, this Outer God was reportedly sealed away by a blind swordsman with a flowing sword, and the Lake of Rot Map confirms that the lake of rot is the location of this sealing. The Prosthesis-Wearer Heirloom implies that this same swordsman goes on to mentor Malenia, who is similarly afflicted with rot. While the connection is never made explicit, Malenia's elevation to the Goddess of Rot maintains a pattern of people being uplifted to the status of God while also being associated with a higher being or Outer God, such as Miquella under the Formless Mother and Marika under the Greater Will.\n\nReference to the God of Rot being an Outer God can be found in the descriptions of the Lake of Rot Map and the Scorpion's Stinger.\n\nUnnamed God of the Twinbird\nAn Outer God related in some fashion to death. All that is stated about this Outer God is that the Twinbird is its vassal, and that the Twinbird is in turn the mother of Deathbirds.\nGhostflame sorceries such as Ancient Death Rancor and Explosive Ghostflame are explicitly related to deathbirds. As these are death sorceries which are boosted by the Prince of Death's Staff, it may be reasonable to infer that the Deathbirds, and therefore their God, are similar in nature to Those Who Live in Death. This idea is strengthened by a ghostflame weapon, the Helphen's Steeple, is dropped by a Tibia Mariner. According to the Steeple, there is a place known as the Helphen which may be associated with this Outer God.\nThe Deathbirds and their God may be opposed to Destined Death due to the fact that Mausoleum Knights, who according to their shields wish to ward off destined death, adorn their armor with wings to evoke the Deathbirds.\nReference to the God of the Twinbird being an Outer God can be found in the Twinbird Kite Shield.\n\n The Frenzied Flame\nThe Frenzied Flame is either an Outer God itself or a manifestation of an Outer God's influence.  At the end of Hyetta's questline, she is able to speak to us on behalf of the Frenzied Flame's Three Fingers. It outlines its beliefs that the Greater Will's act of "fracturing" the "One Great" into life as we know it was a mistake, and is the source of all suffering. Its intentions are to burn the world, "until all is One again". \nThis Outer God is associated with the various Frenzied Flame Incantations and can be sided with, culminating in the "Lord of Frenzied Flame" ending.\nThe Frenzied Flame is never specifically referenced as an Outer God, but is subdued using Miquella's Needle which states its specific function is to "ward away the meddling of Outer Gods". It may be argued that the Flame is the "meddling" and not the Outer God itself, but this does seem to confirm that there is an Outer God involved.\n\nCelestial Entities\nThere are several beings that are never stated to be Gods nor Outer Gods, but are confirmed to come from beyond the Lands Between and appear to possess power and the intent to exert influence upon the world, which may form the basis for an argument for them being Outer Gods.\n\n The Greater Will\nThe entity with the most influence in the current age of the Lands Between, yet an entity that is perhaps surprisingly never referred to as an Outer God.\nAccording to Elden Stars, the Greater Will sent the Elden Beast down to the Lands Between, which later manifests as the Elden Ring. The Ring appears to require a native vessel in the Lands Between similar to how confirmed Outer Gods have taken to associating with vessels and servants. The vessel of the Elden Ring is considered a God, and the God's consort takes the title of Elden Lord. Assuming Elden Lord means "consort to the vessel of the Elden Ring" then we know of two Gods under the Greater Will: Marika and Placidusax's fled God. \nThe Greater Will appears to communicate via the Two Fingers, creatures that can allegedly contact the entity and relay its message to Finger Readers who then pass this message to the people of the Lands Between. The message that the Fingers deliver is one of Order, although the Greater Will does not appear to be strict about the manner in which Order is achieved, as we see multiple different Orders across the various ages, and the player has the option between 4 variations across the various "Elden Lord" endings. However, Gideon and Varre both allude to the fingers having been affected in some way, such that their message may be out of touch with the Greater Will's intent.\n\n The Full/Dark Moon\nThe two moons that we know of in Elden Ring could be argued to behave similarly enough to Outer Gods to be classified as such. This is especially so because the Full/Dark Moon is literally said to have wisdom, can bewitch and is feared by Ranni and the Snow Crone based on the Glintstone Icecrag spell. As one needs to be sentient to be said to have wisdom, the Full/Dark Moon could be an otherworldly entity similar to outer gods.\nBoth also have a terrestrial representative similar to Outer Gods - Rennala for the Full Moon and Ranni for the Dark Moon - and both seem to have a power that exceed their peers, the stars. Rennala is able to use her discovery of the Full Moon to bewitch the academy of Raya Lucaria and become the head of the institution, while Ranni's Dark Moon would appear instrumental in expelling even the Greater Will's influence from the Lands Between and ushering in the "age of stars" ending.\nThere is no text referring to either moon as a god nor an Outer God, so it remains speculative as to whether or not they are.\n\n The Blood Star\nAn enigmatic entity associated with Aberrant Sorceries. Briars of Punishment says the Blood Star was said to have been discovered by "the guilty" amidst darkness, after their eyes were gouged out by thorns. Some players have speculated the Blood Star to be the influence of the Formless Mother due to the joint association with Blood, although the lack of arcane scaling across aberrant items coupled with the aberrants having no association with Mohg's dynasty or bloodflame somewhat negates this idea.The nature of the Blood Star is ultimately up to speculation.\n\nGods of Unconfirmed Status\nThese gods have not been confirmed to be Outer Gods, but are at the very least known as gods and have an unclear origin that can be used to argue that they are Outer Gods.\n\nThe Fell God\nA god worshiped by the Fire Giants, associated with Fire Giant and Fire Monk Incantations. The Fell God, according to the One-Eyed Shield, was rumored to have been slain by Queen Marika but is confirmed to still lurk within the Fire Giants themselves according to the Flame of the Fell God.\nSome players argue that it may be an Outer God in virtue of its relative strength and lacking its own body, although the concept of Marika engaging it in combat may serve as an argument for it being a similar kind of god to her. \n\nUnnamed Ancient Dragon God\nA god associated with Dragonlord Placidusax during his time as Elden Lord in an age before the Erdtree. This God is said to have fled, although the reason for this and the consequences of it are not elaborated on. Some players argue that Placidusax's title of "Elden Lord" logically entails that he was a Lord under the Greater Will - as every other Elden Lord we know is - and the God that fled was his spouse and vessel of the Elden Ring. Other players argue that Placidusax may be Elden Lord by some other merit, and that the God in question is the Outer God he serves under rather than the Greater Will. \n\nSerpent God\nThe giant snake which devoured Rykard, this god is theorized to be an Outer God on the basis that it is allegedly undying and possesses the ability to devour gods. \nOther players argue that the serpent does not possess the typical traits and MO of an Outer God, such as no clear physical form and reliance on vassal entities.\n\nSpeculated Outer Gods\nSome entities, while never referred to as Outer Gods, gods, or even implied to be in some way "outer", draw speculation from players as to whether they may fall under the label regardless\n\nThe Gloam-eyed Queen\nThe Gloam-eyed Queen is a figure that appears across various item descriptions and remains shrouded in mystery as to where she is now. Despite Black Flame Ritual confirming her status as an Empyrean, which are usually demigods chosen by the Greater Will, theories of her being an Outer God, among many other things, are popular among players. It is possible that the Gloam-eyed Queen is Melina. During the frenzy flamed ending, Melina's sealed eye is opened (it is opened after the player activates the rune of destined death, further implying her connection to it) and she vows to hunt down the Lord of Frenzied Flame and slay them with destined death. This tells us that she has a connection to destined death. Melina also shares a similarity with Lunar Princess Ranni. One of Ranni's eyes are sealed with the same looking mark that seals Melina's eye. Ranni is already a confirmed Empyrean so if Melina is related to Ranni then that means that she is a Demi-God at the least. It is also implied that her mother was Queen Marika stating that she was born on the foot of the Erdtree but was badly burned and forgot her purpose.\n\nThe Primeval Current\nThe Primeval Current is an esoteric and mysterious force in Elden Ring that is elaborated on little by the game beyond a connection to magic, glintstone and stars. Its vague nature make the Current ripe for speculation about what it could be, and some of these speculations have included that it may be an Outer God.\n\n

QUESTION
How do the Outer Gods in Elden Ring influence the events of the Lands Between?

ANSWER
The Outer Gods in Elden Ring influence the events of the Lands Between through worship by denizens, powering incantations, granting elevated status to individuals, and serving as vassals associated with various sorceries.
