CONTEXT
\n\n Cathedral of the Forsaken \n\nThe concealed sanctuary of the frenzied acolytes.\n\nCathedral of the Forsaken is a Location in Elden Ring. The Cathedral of the Forsaken is found within the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds.\n\nCathedral of the Forsaken Map\n[overall map goes here]\nSubterranean site of grace. In the room where you fight Mohg, The Omen. Elden Ring Interactive Map Link.\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Cathedral of the Forsaken\n No NPCs are present in the Cathedral of the Forsaken.\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Cathedral of the Forsaken\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nYellow Ember\nx1 Golden Rune (11)\nx5 Eye of Yelough\nx3 Hefty Beast Bone\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nx1 Smithing Stone (6)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nErdtree's Favor +1\nInescapable Frenzy\nFrenzied's Cookbook (2)\nFingerprint Stone Shield\nNomadic Merchant's Set\nNote: Miquella's Needle\n\nConsumables \n\nx5 Grace Mimic\nx1 Golden Rune (11)\nx1  Rune Arc\n\nElden Ring Cathedral of the Forsaken Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nNomad\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nMohg, the Omen\n\nCathedral of the Forsaken Walkthrough\nThe Cathedral of the Forsaken is the boss arena for Mohg, the Omen. Defeat him to get the Site of Grace to appear. The chest at the altar contains Erdtree's Favor +1.\nThe area behind the altar is an illusory wall. Breaking it leads to a labyrinth full of Frenzied Nomads and their corpses, ultimately leading you to Frenzied Flame Proscription. However reaching the proceeding area requires defeating Morgott, otherwise a golden seal appears just past the altar which reads "Sealed by Morgott the Grace-Given".\nEnter the area and cross the wooden planks to descend to the lower levels. You may notice a few tents on the way - these can be broken by the wandering Nomads' Frenzy attacks. The first one you find contains the Nomadic Merchant's Set, while the next one has 5x Eye of Yelough. You'll eventually reach a point where you need to drop between two perpendicular planks before you can proceed further; the Frenzied's Cookbook (2) can be obtained in an alcove after you've dropped to the lower plank.\nYou'll be at the last wooden beam on the southern side of the shaft. There'll be a Nomad on the final southern platform playing a violin. Where this enemy is is exactly where you need to drop off to start dropping down the gravestones on the eastern shaft wall. Look carefully and you will see a tiny gravestone jutting out in the corner - carefully walk over without jumping or rolling to drop onto that gravestone.\nFrom this gravestone, the next one to drop onto is further down on the eastern wall. Face your character to the southern wall and backstep. Ensure that you're positioned and angled properly to not bump the geometry on the way down.\nIt is possible to skip the platforming with Longtail Cat Talisman, however, you will not acquire the incantation hanging at the lowest platform before the floor. Simply have it equipped and jump down, you will fall to the floor causing you to die and break the floor. Respawn and jump again to reach the floor unharmed (the talisman is not required after breaking the floor).\nThen, face north and backstep. You should fall onto the next gravestone without issue. Face south and backstep again, and this should land you on a gravestone with a corpse holding the Inescapable Frenzy Incantation. Walk into the hallway, turn right. Beware of the nomad that is sitting facing the dark corner.  Pick up the Fingerprint Stone Shield at the end of the corridor. Behind the breakable tent here is Note: Miquella's Needle. From the lowest possible level, you can safely jump to the floor - it will crumble and you will land in the Frenzied Flame Proscription. This is Hyetta's final quest location, and there is a Site of Grace nearby too.  You can also speak to Melina here.\nTo the left of where Hyetta is standing is an illusory wall.  Roll into the wall to reveal a short corridor with a chest at the end.  The chest contains 1x Rune Arc. The wall behind the chest is also an illusion. Rolling into it opens up the passage into a large cavern.  Drop down to arrive at the Root-Facing Cliffs site of Grace, part of Deeproot Depths.\n\nElden Ring Cathedral of the Forsaken Gallery and Notes\nHow do I get to Frenzy Door Elden Ring?\nThis area is accessible from the Location: Subterranean Shunning Grounds.The door is at the lowest part of this location. You may follow the Subterranean Shunning Grounds walkthrough down until you reach Mohg, the Omen. From here, you will need to return to the back of his boss room. Loot the chests, activate and use the Cathedral of the Forsaken Site of Grace and rest. Attack the wall behind the chest to take down the wall and reveal the passage. Here is where you will need to use your platforming skills descend leading to the Frenzied Flame Proscription, the final location for Hyetta's questline. Once you reach the floor on the lowest level, it will break through to reveal a lower level and the Frenzied Door. Before you approach make sure you activate and use the Site of Grace in this area. \n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How do I get to Frenzy Door Elden Ring?

ANSWER
To get to Frenzy Door in Elden Ring, proceed to the lower part of Subterranean Shunning Grounds, follow the walkthrough to Mohg, the Omen, return to the back of his boss room, loot the chests, break the wall behind the chest to reveal the passage, and use platforming skills to descend to Frenzied Flame Proscription after activating the Site of Grace.
