CONTEXT
\n\n Castle Sol \n\nA castle found in the northeast of the Mountaintops of the Giants. Stronghold of Commander Niall and his spectral knights.\n\nCastle Sol  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Castle Sol  is found in Mountaintops of the Giants in the northeast. Players can reach this location by crossing the northern bridge from Stargazer's Ruins or from the Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East).\n\nCastle Sol Map\nSee Castle Sol's location on our Interactive Map by clicking on [Elden Ring Map here].\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Castle Sol\n\nEclipse Spirit\nMedallion Spirit\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Castle Sol\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nFreezing Grease\nGolden Rune (9)\nGolden Rune (10)\nNascent Butterfly\nThawfrost Boluses x 4\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSmithing Stone (5) x 1\nSmithing Stone (6) x 1\nSmithing Stone (7) x 3\nSomber Smithing Stone (8) x 2\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCerulean Amber Medallion +1\nEclipse Shotel\nFan Daggers x 5\nVeteran's Prosthesis (Commander Niall drop)\nStormhawk Axe\n\nUnique, Ashes, and Keys\n\nFurlcalling Finger Remedy\nHaligtree Secret Medallion (Left) \nSorcerer Painting\nStonesword Key\n\nElden Ring Castle Sol Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nBanished Knight (Spectral)\nExile Soldier (Spectral)\nLion Guardian\nLone Wolf\nSlug\nWarhawk\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nCommander Niall\n\nCastle Sol Walkthrough\nFrom the main entrance, you can find a Lion Guardian elite roaming the main courtyard. You can attempt to defeat it to permanently get rid of it (Lion Guardians do not respawn) or sneak by while its back is turned. If fighting it, be careful as its wounded friend is resting in a corner just to the right inside the gate and may aggro. Make your way through the wooden barricades in the northwest and follow the path along the walls. Look for a room with several Slugs in it. Get rid of the slugs and then pick up the Nascent Butterfly on the corpse by the ladder. Ascend the ladder and look towards the eastern edge of the roof for a corpse with 5x Fan Daggers. Carefully traverse the top of the castle walls in the southwest and pick up the Golden Rune (10) on the corpse in the corner. There are Castle Guards on the walls as well as on the roofs of the buildings across from the walls that will fire explosive projectiles at you. You can try to pick them off with ranged weapons or magic if you have spells with good range. Be especially aware of the ballista operator further down the walls. It can one-shot players even at high levels. Dash towards and behind him and take him out quickly as there is another ballista operator atop the central building of the courtyard. Get up to this building by using the walkways, take out the ballista and then check the corpse in the back for a Smithing Stone (6). Drop down the ladder here to get inside the building and pick up the Sorcerer Painting sitting inside. Unlock the door and then teleport back to the main entrance.\nBack at the entrance, enter the courtyard and sneak towards the grave stones in the south for another Golden Rune (10), but beware of the sleeping Lion Guardian. Now make your way to the wooden walkway directly east of the main gate and check under it for a Smithing Stone (5). Head up the walkway and check the left side for a corpse hanging over the edge. You can loot a Freezing Grease off of it. Back in the center path, check the corpse on the right for 3x Thawfrost Boluses. Continue along to the building in the north which connects to a walkway in the east. Beware the spectral melee Castle Guards here that teleport in and out of range, as well as the guard with a crossbow in the distance. Head up the wooden stairs on the left and defeat the guards that teleport in here. Check the corner for a corpse with another Golden Rune (10). From here, head on south to reach the Church of the Eclipse, an important landmark with a Site of Grace inside. On the way, you can kill the crossbow guard and loot the corpse hanging on the low wall for another Thawfrost Boluses. Activate the Site of Grace and then head back outside and look to the east for a ladder leading to the middle level of the eastern castle section. Head south from here and pick up the Smithing Stone [5], then go north to pick up a Golden Rune (9) off of the corpse on the right. Head west across the wooden platform from here to fight a knight and two wolves, after that head north onto the outlook to find a corpse holding a Stonesword Key.\nBack inside the church, check the altar for an Eclipse Shotel curved sword. Head out of the church using the eastern exit and check behind the church for a ladder leading up to the outer walls. Beware the crossbowman in the distance and the guard atop the ladder. Follow the walls towards the south and when you see a short set of steps to the right, you can jump to the building with an opening on the roof. This leads into a room full of Rats where you can pick up 3x Smithing Stone (7) from the corpse in the corner. Exit the room and turn the corner on the right to find a corpse with a Rune Arc by the campfire. Teleport back to the Church and head up the ladder once more. This time, follow the walls to the southern side where you will find a ladder leading to a lower section of the wall. There is a Spectral Banished Knight here equipped with dual swords. He is very aggressive and will often teleport behind you. Your objective here is the corpse hanging off a wooden ledge in front of him. You can loot the Cerulean Amber Medallion +1 from the corpse. You can try to beeline for the corpse, ignoring the knight and then heading back up the ladder and rushing back to the church but be careful as he can chase you for quite a while.\nBack at the Church, take the eastern exit once more and continue to the building ahead. Head up the stairs, or use target lock on the bottom floor to find and kill three Albinaurics who are hiding in the shadows. Be careful of charging in as there are two hanging screamers who will alert the albinaurics on the bottom floor and spawn two Spectral Castle Guards with greataxes. Target them down from range before they notice you and the axe guards will not spawn. Check the corpse by the edge for a Smithing Stone (6). Continue along with another set of stairs and exit the building to arrive at the upper level of the castle's eastern section. The boss door can be found here but before entering, ride the lift down to activate a shortcut, head to the corpse in front of you to loot a Furlcalling Finger Remedy, then head back up the lift to the golden mist door.\nBoss: Commander Niall\nCommander Niall is a tall and built knight with a peg leg, clad in heavy armor, wielding a halberd that doubles as a battle standard. He is accompanied by two Spectral Banished Knights, one equipped with dual swords and the other equipped with a sword and shield. Success in this battle hinges on your ability to manage the two very dangerous knights. Niall himself doesn't get too dangerous until the knights are defeated. He will lumber around the arena, making no real effort to close the distance, so focus on the knights at the beginning. Of the two, the dual sword knight is the most aggressive and dangerous. It is highly recommended that you summon a tanky spirit to more easily manage both knights at once. They are also susceptible to Magic Damage so Sorcery mains should have a slight advantage damage-wise.\nOnce the knights are killed, Niall begins actively pursuing you and using his more dangerous moves. Niall commands the powers of Ice via a whirlwind he summons around him, as well as Lightning via infusions on his artificial leg. Niall's most dangerous moves always involve him summoning whirlwinds of frost around him. He can then follow up with a stomp of his peg leg, infusing it with lightning, and then leaping towards you to perform a powerful leg smash that creates a lightning shockwave on impact. He can also follow up with two versions of a dash attack. The first is a single whirl of his halberd followed by a quick dash into an uppercut with his halberd. The second version sees Niall charging up for a few seconds as he sucks in frosty winds towards him, he then whirls his halberd several times, creating an expanding whirlwind of frost. Finally, he dashes to the side and then runs toward you, culminating in an uppercut with his halberd. This move tires Niall out and he will be kneeling and vulnerable for several seconds. This is the biggest damage window throughout his fight so be sure to dodge the uppercut and get as many hits in as possible as he recovers.\nDefeating Niall awards 90,000 Runes and the Veteran's Prosthesis fist weapon. You can also now access the Site of Grace in his arena and proceed to the northeast tower where you can find the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left), one of two halves of an artifact required to operate the Grand Lift of Rold.\nCastle Sol Area \n\nThere is a Somber Smithing Stone (8) located on the side of the Church of the Eclipse. To pick it up, walk to the back of the Church by the ladder 2 Guards with crossbows. You will have to platform onto the broken wall and hug the wall of the church to reach it. Killing the crossbowmen makes this easier to do. [Elden Ring Map Link]\nThere is also a Somber Smithing Stone (8) located on a cliff directly SE of the entrance bonfire, outside the castle. To get to it, circle clockwise around the entire castle until you arrive at the corpse sitting on the edge of the cliff.  [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nElden Ring Castle Sol Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can players efficiently navigate through Castle Sol and defeat Commander Niall in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players can navigate Castle Sol efficiently by following walkthrough tips, such as defeating Lion Guardian, avoiding Castle Guards, and picking off enemies with ranged weapons; in the Commander Niall boss fight, focus on managing the two phantom knights before dealing with Niall's powerful frost and lightning-infused attacks, summon a tanky spirit for assistance, and take advantage of damage openings after dodging his powerful moves.
