CONTEXT
\n\n Yelough Anix Tunnel \n\nAn icy tunnel on the southern edge of the Yelough Anix Ruins. It is home to many extra-terrestrial beings that came from the stars.\n\nYelough Anix Tunnel is a Location in Elden Ring. The Yelough Anix Tunnel is found in the west of the Consecrated Snowfield. The entrance can be found on the cliff face to the south of the Yelough Anix Ruins.\n\nYelough Anix Tunnel Map\nYelough Anix Tunnel is found in the western area of Consecrated Snowfield, just south from Yelough Anix Ruins. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Yelough Anix Tunnel\n\nThere are no NPCs or merchants in this area\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Yelough Anix Tunnel\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nExplosive Stone Clump x 6\nFreezing Grease x 3\nHero's Rune (5)\nGolden Rune (10)\nRune Arc\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nAncient Dragon Smithing Stone x1\nSmithing Stone (8) x8\nSomber Smithing Stone (8) x2\nSomber Smithing Stone (9)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nMeteorite of Astel\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nAlabaster Lord’s Sword (chance drop from Lesser Alabaster Lords)\n\nElden Ring Yelough Anix Tunnel Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nLesser Alabaster Lord\nMiner\nOnyx Lord (non-boss)\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nAstel, Stars of Darkness\n\nYelough Anix Tunnel Walkthrough \nUpon entering the dungeon and descending the lift, activate the Site of Grace and then head down the tunnel ahead. You will see several dead Miners along the way. When you reach the cavern at the end, look to the left for a hole. The door in the north does not open from this side so drop down into the hole. Defeat the two Miners in the room and pick up the 3x Freezing Grease on the corpse in the middle of the frozen lift. There is 1x Smithing Stone (8) behind the frozen elevator.\nFollow the path east to reach a cavern with wooden walkways. Defeat the Miners on this floor and check the corpse on the ice platform in the middle for a Golden Rune (10). Drop down into the gap in the center or use the ladder on the side. Look for a small opening on the right with two Miners and a corpse with a Rune Arc. Coming back out of that opening, head left for another Smithing Stone (8). Head to the other path where there is a gravity portal. A non-boss Alabaster Lord will emerge from it as you approach. After defeating him, check the cavity in the wall on the left for 2x Smithing Stone (8). Finally, check the back of the room for a corpse next to wooden planks on the wall for an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.\nHead back up the ladder and using the ice platform in the center, jump the gap onto the opposite side and head through the opening in the wall. Kill the Miner sitting by the campfire and collect 6x Explosive Stone Clump from the corpse nearby as well as a Somber Smithing Stone (8) on the left side. Climb up the ladder and defeat the two Miners in the middle platform, then collect the Smithing Stone (8) to the right of the ladder. Head up the second ladder and through the tunnel above.\nIn the next room is a gravity portal in the north. Before approaching it, check the cavity in the wall on the right for a Somber Smithing Stone (9). There is also a Smithing Stone (8) on the other side of the room in another cavity. The corpse in the center of the room also has a Hero's Rune (5). Upon approaching the portal, a non-boss Onyx Lord will emerge and begin attacking. Be careful of his meteorite spell as the room has very little space for you to maneuver in. Once he's defeated, collect oneSmithing Stone (8) and one Somber Smithing Stone (8) along the wall to the right of where he spawned. Continue to the west and find the small door on the left of the next room. This is the locked door from the beginning of the dungeon and serves as a shortcut for the boss ahead. Directly to the right of the shortcut door is another Smithing Stone (8). Head through the large wooden gate to engage the dungeon's boss.\nBoss Fight: Astel, Stars of Darkness\nThis boss has an extremely powerful Heavy Tail Whip that can one-shot even high level players. It has a distinct animation from his standard tail whip where he swings his tail from side to side before striking. It is important to time a dodge perfectly against this move even if you are very far away. The boss also has a railgun-like beam move that hits over a very long range but has a narrow hitbox. Periodically, he will teleport into a different location in the cavern but it's easy to tell where he is going to appear. Another dangerous move in his arsenal is his meteor swarm, which calls plenty of meteorites to rain destruction in the arena. You can run towards and under the boss to avoid getting hit by these. Despite his powerful moveset, the boss' poise is quite easily broken, especially by multi-hit magic spells and skills. When he is knocked down, get to his head for a critical hit on his forehead.\nUpon defeat, Astel will drop the Meteorite of Astel spell.\n\nElden Ring  Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What items can be gathered and farmed in Elden Ring's Yelough Anix Tunnel?

ANSWER
6 Explosive Stone Clump, 3 Freezing Grease, Hero's Rune (5), Golden Rune (10), Rune Arc, Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone x1, Smithing Stone (8) x8, Somber Smithing Stone (8) x2, Somber Smithing Stone (9), Meteorite of Astel, Alabaster Lord’s Sword
