CONTEXT
\n\n War-Dead Catacombs \n\nTombs for those who have perished in battle, endlessly clashing even as spirits.\n\nWar-Dead Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring. The War-Dead Catacombs are found in Wailing Dunes in East Caelid. The War-Dead Catacombs can be found to the far northern corner of the area, after having defeated Starscourge Radahn. From the site of grace after defeating Radahn, travel north until you reach the upper most corner of the area, and you'll find a small door along the cliffside.\n\nWar-Dead Catacombs Map\nSee the location of War-Dead Catacombs on our interactive map here: [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in War-Dead Catacombs\n\nThere are no NPCs here\nThere are no Merchants here\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's War-Dead Catacombs\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGrave Violet\nTrina's Lily\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGhost Glovewort [4] x 1\nGolden Seed (Boss drop)\nGrave Glovewort [6] x 5\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCollapsing Stars\nGolden Rune [6] x 1\nMagic Grease x 3\nSilver-Pickled Fowl Foot\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nRadahn Soldier Ashes\nRedmane Knight Ogha Ashes (Boss drop)\n\nElden Ring War-Dead Catacombs Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nLesser Cleanrot Knight Spirit\nRadahn Soldier Spirit\nRedmane Knight Spirit\nImp\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nPutrid Tree Spirit\n\nWar-Dead Catacombs Walkthrough\nEntering into the War-Dead catacombs you'll find a staircase down immediately leading to the site of grace. From the grace, head down the stairs and you’ll emerge in a room full of spirits fighting each other. They can still aggro onto you if you get too close so be careful. \nContinue forward into the middle of the room to pick up 3 Magic Grease, and go to the left to also loot a Grave Glovewort [6]. Go up the stairs to the left and follow it around the room to pick up another Grave Glovewort [6], and then fall down to the lower level. This lower level is filled with a Scarlet Rot pool, so it’s recommended to do this part fast, or bring something that can alleviate the Scarlet Rot build up, such as Preserving Boluses or Flame, Cleanse Me. Grab the chest you see in front of you to get the Collapsing Stars Sorcery, and then turn around, going in the direction the chest is facing and slightly left. Go to the corpse sitting by the wall to get a Golden Rune [6]. Then, continue south-east to the corpse you see sitting against the wall to pick up a Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot. Then, head directly North into the next room, and head to the far eastern wall of the room to pick up a Ghost Glovewort [4]. \nFrom here, head back into the Scarlet Rot room, heading south-west towards the staircase. The bottom of the staircase should be illuminated for you. Head up this staircase and left twice to find yourself back in the main area of the catacombs. You want to head up the last set of stairs to your right and follow the path into the next room. Be careful, as a Redmane Knight Spirit will attempt to snipe you with a bow as you climb. Once you turn the corner into the next area, there will be a Radahn Soldier Spirit and a Redmane Knight Spirit waiting for you. Defeat them and turn the corner to enter a room with 2 more spirits awaiting you. Kill them and pick up the Grave Glovewort [6], and continue down the hallway where a Radahn Soldier Spirit will appear. Defeat it and continue. \nIn the next room, a Radahn Soldier Spirit will be waiting on the right side of the door to ambush you. Continue through this room and defeat the Redmane Knight Spirit sitting at the end of the hallway. Grab the Grave Glovewort [6] and Grave Violet from this room and turn around. Exit this room and look to your left. You’ll see a window with a Grave Violet next to it. Jump through the window and you’ll land on a balcony overlooking a room with a statue in the middle. From here, walk up the stairs to your left. There are four Imps up here, as well as the Redmane Knight Spirit through the window that was shooting at you when you first walked up the stairs. Take out the Imps and then defeat the Lesser Cleanrot Knight Spirit in the room. This room has Scarlet Rot on the floor, so be careful about fighting in here for too long. Head into that room and loot the corpse off the floor to receive the Radahn Soldier Ashes. \nNow, exit the room and turn left, jumping through the window where the Redmane Knight Spirit is. Defeat it, then loot the Grave Glovewort [6] on the ground, and head left to pull the dungeon lever here, opening the boss door. You’ll notice the balcony you are on overlooks the main room of the catacombs. Jump down and head straight through the room (west), and down the stairs to arrive at the boss doors. Head down the stairs and through the fog gate to fight the Putrid Tree Spirit.\nBOSS BATTLE: PUTRID TREE SPIRIT\nFor this fight, be careful of the arena size, as a lot of attacks from this boss have very big, sweeping hitboxes. Do your best to dodge these, and then punish its relatively long cooldowns in between attacks. Defeat this boss to receive 64,000 Runes, a Golden Seed, and the Redmane Knight Ogha Ashes.\n\nElden Ring War-Dead Catacombs Gallery and Notes\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How do I navigate through the War-Dead Catacombs in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Head north from the site of grace after defeating Radahn, pick up items as you go, defeat spirits, find a balcony with a statue, follow steps to reach the boss door, open it using a lever, and defeat the Putrid Tree Spirit.
