CONTEXT
\n\n Altus Tunnel \n\nThe Altus tunnels were once used to supply the lands with quality crystals\n\nAltus Tunnel is a Location in Elden Ring. The Altus Tunnel is found in Altus Plateau. Can be found directly south from the Minor Erdtree in Altus Plateau. The Perfumer's Grotto can be seen from the Altus Tunnel; they look interconncted, but are not mutually accessible.\n\nAltus Tunnel Map\nThe Altus Tunnel can be found on our interactive map by clicking on [Elden Ring Map here].\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Altus Tunnel\n\nThere are no NPCs in the tunnel.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Altus Tunnel\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nRune Arc\nCracked Crystal\nArteria Leaf\nGolden Rune (7)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSmithing Stone (5)\nSomber Smithing Stone (5)\nSomberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (2)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCrystal Dart\nArsenal Charm +1\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nThere are no key items in this location\n\nElden Ring Altus Tunnel Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nAvionette Soldier\nCrystal Snail\nGlintstone Miner\nMalformed Star \n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nCrystalian (Spear)\nCrystalian (Ringblade)\n\nAltus Tunnel Walkthrough\nTake the lift down to the tunnel. There will be a Site of Grace. Leaving the Site of Grace, the first room on the right is a small cavern with 2 enemies within, 1 Sorcerer Miner and 1 Avionette Soldier. The room being small as it is a large AOE attack such as using Cannon of Haima can quickly clear the space safely. The treasure chest within will reward you with a Rune Arc. Moving past this room and following the main tunnel the next space will have a Sorcerer sat on the left side of the room by some sacks. Defeating these enemies will give you a chance to loot a Large Glintstone Scrap.  The room connected on the right has multiple Crystal Snail within as well as a body that will drop Crystal Dart with many Cracked Crystal stored further in the back.\nAfter this first area, you will enter the next section of the tunnels.  You will walk into the main part of the tunnels where miners are working away at the crystals found in the walls. This room has multiple and different kinds of enemies so take the fight slowly to not get surrounded and swarmed. The Avionettes move fast to attack the enemies while the Sorcerers stand afar and on the wooden platforms above the main floor of the tunnel. This room has multiple Smithing Stones for the player to collect both on the ground floor and on the wooden platforms. Notice the Crystals embedded into the rocks as these are also lootable. Loot them to obtain Smithing Stone (5).\nAs you exit this area, you will enter an open space. Arteria Leaf can be found on a body at the end of the wooden platforms. From this room there is a small tunnel leading to a stone ledge with a connecting wooden balcony area where a crystal snail sits next to a body that can be looted for a Golden Rune (7). If you look up, there will be a Malformed Star that can hurl rocks in your direction. It hangs over giant logs with some lootable items on it. You can choose to clear this enemy with your ranged attacks, but this area is more easily accessed from Perfumer's Grotto.\n\nThe image above shows the view of the Altus Tunnel wooden platforms where you are standing from the Perfumer's Grotto. [Elden Ring Map Link] \nFrom this area, you can take the largest log up to the higher wooden platform to loot Arsenal Charm +1. Drop back down, move back into the tunnels and take through until you reach the large wooden doors.\nThe next room of the tunnel is the final room before the boss fight. Many dormant Crystal Snails can be found here before the two large wooden doors that lead to the final room of the tunnel.\n\nBOSS BATTLE: Crystalian Spear  & Crystalian Ringblade\nThe two bosses are humanoid enemies made of crystal that are not much larger than the player, making the arena quite spacious. The fight can be made much more manageable by using Spirit Ashes to help draw the attention of the bosses as you work on dealing damage to the bosses. A good strategy is to single out and defeat them one at a time.\nThe Crystalians take reduced damage from all sources until their poise is broken, when they get up you will see that their bodies are visibly cracked and they start to take normal damage. If possible target the Ringblade boss first as they have a more difficult attack pattern to deal with. The Spear user repeatedly hops towards and stabs their spear at the direction of the player ending with a slower large hop giving players lots of time to kite them and an easily timed window to attack them. The Ringblade user is much more mobile and difficult to deal with, attacking from range as well as having a damaging and moving spinning attack. Defeating both bosses will reward the player with the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (2) and 1800 Runes.\n\nElden Ring Altus Tunnel Gallery and Notes\nPerfumer's Grotto is visible across a ravine.\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What strategies can be used to defeat the Crystalian bosses in the Altus Tunnel in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Using Spirit Ashes to draw attention, focusing on breaking their poise to deal normal damage, tackling the Ringblade boss first due to a difficult attack pattern, and exploiting the Spear boss's slower movements present effective tactics to defeat the Crystalian bosses in the Altus Tunnel in Elden Ring.
