CONTEXT
\n\n Wandering Mausoleum \n\n        To stop the mausoleum's stride, you'll need to clean up around its feet first \n\nWandering Mausoleums are special Locations in Elden Ring. Mausoleums appear as walking buildings with four legs and are found throughout the Lands Between, often with their signature bells attached. Players must attack the skull-like deposits on the structure while avoiding damage to get the mausoleum to become accessible. These can appear on either the legs or along the base of the building, the latter of which necessitates jumping on top of it.\nWandering Mausoleum Guide for Elden Ring\n\nHit the skull-like deposits to make the mausoleum collapse. These skulls can be either on its feet, or around the mausoleum on top.\nAround Mausoleums are spectral knights roaming the arena. After bringing it down, they disappear.\nMausoleum can attack by either stomping or performing a slam attack (Non-Bell variant). Their stomp is a near guaranteed death, for invaders/enemies included. The Snowfield Mausoleum fires exploding magic projectiles in an arc around it, dealing heavy Magic damage. It's recommended to hit the Grace at the Apostate Derelict to respawn in case of death.\nPlace your Boss Remembrance at the altar to Duplicate it. (Note: You do not have to have the Remembrance with you when you do this. If you previously acquired and used it, you can still receive a duplicate at a later time in your playthrough). Only one use per Mausoleum. Pick wisely!\nIt should be noted that you cannot regain a Remembrance Weapon that you have already obtained (in the same playthrough at least).\nMausoleums without a bell seem to only be able to duplicate Remembrances of bosses without Great Runes.(via community testing: Regal Ancestor Spirit, Astel Naturalborn of the Void, Lichdragon Fortissax, Fire Giant, Maliketh, the Black Blade, Dragonlord Placidusax, Hoarah Loux, Warrior and Elden Beast are the only bosses with Remembrances that can be duplicated anywhere. Shardbearers' Remembrances, like Morgott's and Malenia's, will work with bell variant Mausoleums only.)\nThe Castle Sol and Consecrated Snowfield Mausoleums appear to be bugged for some people where using one of them renders the other unusable but this seems to not apply to everyone.\n\nPlayers will hear mausoleums as they emit a distinctly loud bell sound as they walk about. They usually have a small roaming area, so they are easy to find. When you first want to access a wandering mausoleum, you must either attack the deposits on its feet or use the environment to climb up, jump onto the wandering mausoleum and destroy the deposits around the structure itself.  This can take considerable time depending on the location.\nOnce the mausoleum is static, you can enter it at any time to perform a Remembrance Duplication: This is only available once per mausoleum, so pick wisely! Performing this rite will enable you to obtain the multiple Remembrance Weapons (Boss Weapons) and magic that they grant. Boss Armor is not gated behind their remembrances, but you must have defeated them to purchase from Enia at the Roundtable Hold.\n\nWandering Mausoleum Locations\nThere are a total of 7 Wandering Mausoleums in Elden Ring. Monuments with bells will duplicate any boss remembrance. Monuments without bells will only duplicate the remembrance of a non-shard bearer boss. Each reward can only be received once per playthrough.\nLocations:\n\nWeeping Peninsula, Bell: In the western area, east of Isolated Merchant's Shack. [Map Link] During the "late night" period of the day/night cycle, the Mausoleum stops moving for approximately seven minutes of real time. It will stop wandering wherever it is when this time is reached, but quitting out and reloading will leave it standing still at its spawn position, closest to the Isolated Merchant's Shack.\nLiurnia of the Lakes, Bell: northeast of Raya Lucaria Academy, in the waters in front of Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel Grace [Map Link]. To access this Wandering Mausoleum you must travel west of the tunnel entrance. Then you need to use the spirit spring to jump onto the Mausoleum when it walks close enough to the cliff wall. You can experiment with the spirit spring jump and also double jump with Torrent after using the spring and take no fall damage. You can also jump from the tombstones on the northern cliff, but you risk dying if you miss. Once on top of the Mausoleum, knock off enough skull piles to subdue it. Like the Weeping Peninsula Mausoleum, it stops wandering during "late night" for seven to eight minutes. Alternatively, hitting the legs will stop the mausoleum from moving, then you can snipe enough skulls to get it to kneel using a bow. The various rocks in the area can be used to get the right angle, the skulls are all on and around the grassy area level. \n Liurnia of the Lakes, No Bell: North of the Ruined Labyrinth Grace or, due south of the Mausoleum Compound Grace in Eastern Liurnia, north of the Church of Vows. It stops wandering for about seven minutes during "late night". \nLiurnia of the Lakes, No Bell: due north of the Mausoleum Compound Grace near Uld Palace Ruins, north of the Church of Vows [Map Link]. It stops wandering at night, in sync with #3.\nMountaintops of the Giants, Bell: Just outside Castle Sol in the northern area. It stops wandering during "late night" for seven to eight minutes. [Map Link]\nConsecrated Snowfield, Bell: northwest of Ordina, next to the Apostate Derelict Grace. Warning: This one fires magical artillery into the air, bombarding the surroundings until it is subdued. It does not stop moving at night, but it will stop attacking when you're within the walls of the Apostate Derelict church, and won't start again immediately when you step outside. [Map Link]\nDeeproot Depths, Bell: North of the The Nameless Eternal City Grace. Can be jumped upon by climbing on the roots in the area (be careful of the many Basilisks), then you must destroy skulls on the top of the Mausoleum instead of the feet. It will stop wandering for exactly seven minutes during the "late night" period of the day/night cycle. [Map Link]\n\nList of Remembrances\n\nRemembrance of the Grafted\nRemembrance of the Full Moon Queen\nRemembrance of the Starscourge\nRemembrance of the Regal Ancestor*\nRemembrance of the Omen King\nRemembrance of the Blasphemous\nRemembrance of the Black Blade*\nRemembrance of the Naturalborn*\nRemembrance of the Fire Giant*\nRemembrance of the Rot Goddess\nRemembrance of the Blood Lord\nRemembrance of the Lichdragon*\nRemembrance of the Dragonlord*\nRemembrance of Hoarah Loux*\nElden Remembrance*\n\nThe starred (*) entries can be duplicated by the two bell-less mausoleums at the Mausoleum Compound site of grace.\n\nWandering Mausoleum Notes & Tips Elden Ring\n\nNote that if you don't find the white skulls on its feet, you will need to find a way to get to the top level of the structure. There should be elements in the environment around the area that can help you. Areas like cliffs or Spiritsprings nearby can assist with climbing the structure. After reaching the top, the skulls should appear much like those found its feet in other mausoleums. Clear them the same way to be able to enter and use the Wandering Mausoleum.\n\nElden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What is the strategy for stopping a Wandering Mausoleum by attacking the skull-like deposits?

ANSWER
Attack the skull-like deposits on the mausoleum, either on its feet or around the structure, while avoiding damage to make it collapse and become accessible.
