CONTEXT
\n\n Village of the Albinaurics \n\nThe cursemongers have destroyed the home of the old Albinaurics, but perhaps hope is not lost for them to find their promised land.\n\nVillage of the Albinaurics is a Location in Elden Ring. The Village of the Albinaurics is found in Liurnia of the Lakes, by exploring the swamp area on the south-western shores. There is a slope (just SSW of the "Folly on the Lake" Site of Grace) heading to the village that is now adorned with corpses and carcasses, as the cursemongers have taken over the location. \n\nVillage of the Albinaurics Map\nThe Village of the Albinaurics is found in the southern landmass of Liurnia. Note that the village is actually under the plateau and is accessible early in the game. The top of the plateau is accessible only after making significant progress in the story. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs in Village of the Albinaurics\n\nAlbus - gives important Key Item: Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right)\nNepheli Loux - Found underneath the stone bridge leading to the village [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Village of the Albinaurics\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nMushroom\nRowa Fruit\nx1 Rune Arc\nErdleaf Flower\nx1 Albinauric Bloodclot\nx5 Budding Cave Moss (Perfumer drop)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nNo Materiels found in this location.\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nx1 Ivory Sickle\nx1 Crystal Sword\nx2 Stormhawk Axe\nx1 Crucible Knot Talisman\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nx1 Larval Tear\nx1 Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right)\n\nElden Ring Village of the Albinaurics Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nDepraved Perfumer\nFirst-Generation Albinauric\nRotten Stray\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nOmenkiller\n\nVillage of the Albinaurics Walkthrough\nThe Village of the Albinaurics can be located at the northwest section of the map from Stormveil Castle and the nearest starting point to travel to the village is at the Liurnia Lake Shore site. Map Link. As you travel by mount, simply move northwest and run alongside the cliff. Remain on the left side, pass through a swamp section, and just ignore the enemies you run into until you reach the distressed village. You'll know when you're near once you reach the swamp section and upon going up to a rise of the land - the name of the location will appear upon formally arriving at the village.\nAs you enter, move towards the house, check behind it to find the Village of the Albinaurics Site. Map Link. Discover and rest here before you start to explore. Now, clear this section first around the house where the player will encounter First-Generation Albinaurics. Make sure to also loot the body near a stone coffin to obtain a Larval Tear, and grab the materials around to find Mushroom and Rowa Fruit. Next, turn around and heap up the hill where you'll encounter a single Depraved Perfumer, killing it may drop 5x Budding Cave Moss. If you walk forward, passing the two houses, on the right side, you'll see a disguised NPC. This turns out to be Albus, who will give you an important key item for your journey. Hit the pot to reveal him.\n\nBefore exhausting his dialogue, he will give you a key item, the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right). Speak to him again, exhaust his lines, and he will eventually die due to old age. Before you continue towards the boss, make sure to check behind the stone coffin next to Albus, there's another corpse that you can pillage to acquire an Ivory Sickle. If you don't need to rest at the site, you can proceed to the boss by crossing the stone bridge on this hill.\nAs you cross, you'll see a golden teardrop scarab. Make sure to kill it before it disappears. On the other side, you'll see a willow tree and a bonfire. The Omenkiller boss is there, as well as a few Rotten Stray. We suggest that you kill the hounds first so that you can fight the boss one on one. Instead of going down the slope, straight to the bonfire, jump down from the right side of the cliff and kill the Rotten Stray. Once the area is clear, then you can approach the bonfire and fight the Omenkiller.\nYou can visit the Omenkiller page to find more information about this boss, as well as guides and strategies on how to defeat this enemy. Successfully killing this boss yields 4900 Runes and drops the Crucible Knot Talisman. Make sure to also check the right side of this small arena and you will another body at the end of the path, pillage it to find a Rune Arc.\nBefore you leave this location, there is just one more section you need to clear. Return to the site of the village, next to the house near it, you'll find a wooden bridge. Cross the wooden bridge, kill the First-Generation Albinaurics and make sure to loot the bodies here to find some items, as well as gathering Erdleaf Flower. One can be found resting by the tree trunk, loot it to acquire an Albinauric Bloodclot, while the other is near a ledge, pillage that body to find a Crystal Sword.\n\nElden Ring Village of the Albinaurics Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
Why did the cursemongers destroy the home of the old Albinaurics in the Village of the Albinaurics?

ANSWER
The cursemongers destroyed the home of the old Albinaurics in the Village of the Albinaurics as they took over the location.
