CONTEXT
\n\n Fia, Deathbed Companion \n\nLocation\nRoundtable Hold\n\nRole\nQuest NPC\n\nVoiced by\nChiara Goldsmith\n\nFia is an NPC in Elden Ring. Fia is a deathbed companion that you will find inside a small bedroom at the Roundtable Hold. Her embrace will give you a special consumable that can increase poise called the Baldachin's Blessing, at the cost of a debuff that slightly decreases your maximum HP. You can ostensibly come back for more if you happen to run out of this consumable. Fia's Questline Steps are highlighted below.\n\n Greetings, great champion called by grace. I am Fia. Circumstances have compelled my stay at the Roundtable Hold.\n\nFia Location in Elden Ring\nFia can be found at the Roundtable Hold and later again after defeating Fia's Champions in Deeproot Depths.\n\nThis NPC moves.\nThis NPC can be fought and killed, but only in a later stage of her questline. \n\nIf killed, drops: Fia's HoodFia's Robe\n\nGrants Baldachin's Blessing if you allow her to hold you. Decreases your max. HP by 5% for as long as you keep it in your inventory. After consuming it and its effect ending, you will regain your full HP.\n\nShe grants you Baldachin's Blessing infinitely as long as you don't have one currently in your inventory.\n\nFia Questline: How to complete Fia's Quest \nNote: The beginning of Fia’s questline is skipped after gaining access to Crumbling Farum Azula\n\nAfter starting the festival at Redmane Castle to fight Starscourge Radahn (by any means) you can return to Fia and embrace her to gain an additional line of dialogue during which she will hand you a Weathered Dagger. Talking to D, Hunter of the Dead in the Roundtable Hold will allow you to give the knife to him, triggering the next part of the quest.\nSpeak with Rogier about his interest in the black knives. Speak to Fia too and she will hand you Knifeprint Clue revealing the location of a Black Knifeprint. \nReloading the area after this part will trigger an event where you'll find Fia in a newly opened room near the blacksmith, after which she'll disappear.\nHead to the Across the Roots site of grace in Deeproot Depths and enter the boss arena to the north. After fighting Fia's Champions, you may find her sitting in the back of the arena. Upon talking to her, telling her that you want to be hugged will trigger the next step of her quest. She will ask you to bring her the Cursemark of Death, a key item found while going through Ranni's quest. If Fia is not there, and she has already killed D and disappeared from Roundtable Hold, you may need to follow a few extra steps to get her to appear. Go kill the Valiant Gargoyles and rest in the coffin in their boss fight arena (near the site of grace at the far end) to reach Deeproot Depths. Fia may appear after following the Coffin route to Deeproot Depths. Alternatively, the player can get access to the Deeproot Depths by revealing 2 illusory walls just south of the Frenzied Flame Proscription Site of Grace.\n\nNote that a big chunk of her questline can be skipped, if one so desires (main Quest spoilers ahead!):Once the player progressed through the main events of the game up to the point of burning the Erdtree, Fia will relocate to the Deeproot Depths even if the player never interacted with her. This way, all of the steps mentioned above are skipped. [Elden Ring Map Link] \n\nThe arena is large. Run up to the way gate in the northeast of the area, which is currently disabled, to trigger the fight.\nYou will then be allowed to summon your spirit ash\nFia's Champions will spawn\n\nIf the player chooses to use this method, they will still find D, Hunter of the Dead's corpse on the ground where he is normally found, but Fia will not stand above it and then vanish since she already left the Roundtable Hold.\n\nBringing back the Cursemark of Death will nearly end her quest. After you give it to her, she will give the player a Radiant Baldachin's Blessing. Exhaust her dialog and upon reloading the area, she'll be asleep. Inspecting her will let you enter the Deathbed Dream to fight Lichdragon Fortissax.\nWinning this fight will allow you to pick up the Mending Rune of the Death-Prince from Fia, which will in turn allow you to obtain an alternate ending.\nAfter acquiring the rune, you can give the Twinned armor set to D's brother (NPC sitting on the floor past the corridor to the southeast of the Valiant Gargoyle boss' grace site "Great Waterfall Basin"). Upon returning to Fia, you will find Fia's Set next to her, and if you reload the area, D's brother will leave behind the Twinned Set you gave him, as well as the Inseparable Sword. Killing D's brother will also get you the armor set and the sword.\nYou can prevent this scene by killing D in his first location, getting his armor, and giving it to his brother early. After reloading the area he can be fought.\n\nRelated NPCs:\n\nRogier\nD, Hunter of the Dead \nLionel the Lionhearted\nRanni \n\nDialogue in Elden Ring: Fia\nIntroduction\n\nGreetings, great champion called by grace. I am Fia.Circumstances have compelled my stay at the Roundtable Hold.Great champion, would you allow me to hold you, but briefly?Perhaps you might share with me some of your lifely vigour, and your stout-heartedness.Doing so will grant me the warmth of a champion. And you, I am sure, will bear a baldachin's blessing.Do you think it vulgar, perhaps? Where I come from, it is a sacred act.\n\nLetting her hold you\n\n"Ah, my thanks, great champion. You are...very warm..."[Player obtains Baldachin's Blessing]"What you felt light up inside you was a baldachin's blessing. Though it is but a fleeting thing, I am afraid.Come back to me, should you require another. I will take you in my arms as often as you need".\n\nTalk in secret\n\nI was known as a Deathbed Companion, where I come from. Afer I received the warmth and lifely vigour from a number o champions,I lay with the remains of an exalted noble, to grant him another chance at life. To do so is the purpose of my being.But before I could bear the noble into new life, I was awakened by the guidance of grace, and chased from my birthplace.Pray, be kind. Despite all that, I still wish to be Deathbed Companion.So please, let me hold you like this, as often as it takes.\n\nAbout the Black Knifeprint (Do you know...?)\n\nMy dear... Have you ever heard of black knifeprints? Dear Rogier likes to talk of it when abed.The ancient plot, in which the first of the Demigods was slain. The black knifes wielded by the assassins who committed the act,along with the impressions they made, somehow hide the truth of the conspiracy. These grand affairs are hardly my forté...But dear Rogier began to weep as he spoke...\nIn truth I've heard tell from someone else, about the black knifeprints that fascinate dear Rogier so.(receives: Knifeprint Clue)But It wouldn't be right to give this to him, stuck as he is in the Roundtable Hold.Perhaps you could make use of it?\n\nAbout Rogier\n\nI heard that you lent a hand to dear Rogier. He seemed positively elated.He must be possessed of great mental fortitude. It anchors his will, and sustains him, despite his grievous wounds.You truly are a champion. To dear Rogier, and myself, too. (receive: Sacrificial Twig x1)\n\nOther\n\n(May I ask a favor?) My dear? Might I ask something of you? Could you please find the owner of this dagger, and return it to them? [Receive Weathered Dagger] A certain person gave it to me as a gift. It's a very precious thing. It must have a special place in the owner's heart. So I would like for the owner to have it back, if you wouldn't mind.\n(Upon D's death) Finally, it is returned to its rightful place. The stolen hallowbrand, of the exalted noble. And now, I must bid you goodbye as well. Though I ask you deliver this message to the Roundtable Hold. I am Fia, Deathbed Companion. Hark, Roundtable. Disturb not the Death of Godwyn, the exalted. We, who humbly live in Death...Live in waiting, to one day welcome our Lord. What right does anyone have to object? Our Lord will rise. The Lord of the many, and the meek.\n\nAt Deeproot Depths after defeating her champions.\n\n"Ah...there you are.I knew you would come.What is it you intend?To deny us, and our ways?Like the dogmatic brutes of the Golden Order?"\n(Answering her "That's Right")"I see. Then you must kill me.For I am the companion of Godwyn, Prince of Death. I wished to be a mother to Those Who Live in Death.So it is, that any loathing, any hatred that overshadows them...I must bear, as a matter of duty, with my own flesh.(You can talk to her again to get the chance to change your choice)"Go on, kill me.You deny us, do you not?Because we deign to live in Death, and wish our Lord to rise to glory.\n(Answering "No, I want to be held")"You are an odd one.I am the guardian of Those Who Live in Death.They call me a foul and rotten witch.Yet you still wish to be held by me?"Proceeds to hug her.\nTalk in Secret 1"Have you ever seen a hallowbrand?When the first of the demigods died, his flesh was marked with the half-wheel wound of the centipede.Godwyn's hallowbrand has since been recovered at the Roundtable Hold.But there is another hallowbrand out there somewhere.And I must find it.Before the time comes we receive our Lord."\nTalk in Secret 2"When Godwyn died, a hallowbrand scored his flesh.But another exists. Another mark in the shape of the half-wheel wound of the centipede.And I must find it.Before the time comes we receive our Lord.My hands will be dirtied once more by the deed.Will you still let me hold you, even then?"Gives you the choice to "Give Cursemark of Death".\n§Give Cursemark of Death: "This...is the other hallowbrand.How did you...Oh, my utmost thanks.With this, Godwyn can take his rightful place as First of the Dead.And claim a second, illustrious life.You are my-- our true champion.And though I can't be of any use to you...Can I hold you tight, if only for a moment?"Holds tighter.Grants Radiant Baldachin's Blessing.\nTalk in Secret 3"I will soon lay with Godwyn.And it will surely stir within me.the new life of the golden prince, and first Dead of the demigods,as the rune of Those Who Live in Death.Please, do one thing for me.Brandish this child, my rune, and take for yourself the throne.Stay the persecution of Those Who Live in Death.By becoming our Elden Lord."\nTalk in Secret 4"I will soon lay with Godwyn.To conceive my child, the rune.Brandish my rune, and take for yourself the throne.Stay the persecution of Those Who Live in Death.By becoming our Elden Lord."\n§Talk in Secret 5 (Being held after reloading, before she sleeps) "This is goodbye, my dear.But I am satisfied.I choose to lie with Godwyn of my own will. Not the remains of one chosen for me.And I will bear a child.Who will inherit your warmth, too.What greater blessing could there be, but to be born a Deathbed Companion?"\n\nWhen attacked\n\nGodwyn... Is that you, dear?\n\nUpon defeat\n\nWill your kind never stop? Ravaging... the weak?\n\nElden Ring Fia Notes & Trivia\n\nFia's name in earlier versions of the game was “Lady Yuliya.”\nYou can find Lionel's desiccated corpse on a bed in Leyndell alongside Fia's dress\nReceiving Fia's embrace will result in a debuff that lowers 5% of total vitality but can be removed from using Baldachin's Blessing.\nAllowing Fia to grant her blessing will trigger an animation where she will embrace the Tarnished.[Fia holding the Tarnished close when offering her blessing.]\nReceiving Fia's embrace while playing online will result in the player's build being uploaded to the Elden Ring server to be used as one of the randomized Fia's Champions.\n\nElden Ring NPCs\n\nAbandoned Merchant Siofra River  ♦  Aeonian Spirit  ♦  Aeonian Swamp Spirit  ♦  Albinauric Village Spirit  ♦  Albus  ♦  Ashen Spirit  ♦  Blackguard Big Boggart  ♦  Blaidd  ♦  Bloody Finger Hunter Yura  ♦  Boc the Seamster  ♦  Brother Corhyn  ♦  Carian Manor Spirit  ♦  D's Twin Brother  ♦  D, Hunter of the Dead  ♦  Deathtouched Spirit  ♦  Diallos  ♦  Dung Eater  ♦  Eclipse Spirit  ♦  Edgar  ♦  Enia  ♦  Ensha  ♦  Erdtree Sanctuary Spirit  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina  ♦  Frenzied Spirit  ♦  Frustrated Spirit  ♦  Gate Town Bridge Spirit  ♦  Gatekeeper Gostoc  ♦  Gideon Ofnir  ♦  Godwyn the Golden  ♦  Goldmask  ♦  Gowry  ♦  Grape Spirit  ♦  Gurranq Beast Clergyman  ♦  Hermit Merchant  ♦  Hyetta  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant  ♦  Irina  ♦  Iron Fist Alexander  ♦  Isolated Merchant Raya Lucaria  ♦  Isolated Merchants  ♦  Jar Bairn  ♦  Kenneth Haight  ♦  Kingsrealm Spirit  ♦  Knight Bernahl  ♦  Laiedd Spirit  ♦  Latenna  ♦  Lionel the Lionhearted  ♦  Liurnian Highway Spirit  ♦  Liurnian Lake Spirit  ♦  Lost Snow Spirit  ♦  Master Lusat  ♦  Melina  ♦  Merchant Kale  ♦  Millicent  ♦  Millicent's Sisters  ♦  Miquella  ♦  Miriel Pastor of Vows  ♦  Morne Spirit  ♦  Nepheli Loux  ♦  Nomadic Merchant Mohgwyn Palace  ♦  Nomadic Merchant West Altus Plateau  ♦  Nomadic Merchants  ♦  Patches  ♦  Pidia, Carian Servant  ♦  Preceptor Seluvis  ♦  Primeval Sorcerer Azur  ♦  Queen Marika  ♦  Ranni the Witch  ♦  Renna  ♦  Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)  ♦  Roderika  ♦  Rya  ♦  Rykard  ♦  Sanguine Noble (NPC)  ♦  Shabriri  ♦  Shaded Castle Spirit  ♦  Siofra River Spirit  ♦  Smithing Master Hewg  ♦  Sorcerer Rogier  ♦  Sorceress Sellen  ♦  Stranded Graveyard Spirit  ♦  Study Hall Spirit  ♦  Tanith  ♦  The Great-Jar  ♦  The Two Fingers  ♦  Thops  ♦  Three Fingers  ♦  Tower of Return Spirit  ♦  Twin Maiden Husks  ♦  Two Fingers  ♦  Volcano Manor Spirit  ♦  Wandering Artist Spirit  ♦  War Counselor Iji  ♦  White Mask Varre  ♦  Windmill Spirit  ♦  Witch-Hunter Jerren\n\n

QUESTION
What steps are involved in completing Fia's questline in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Starting the festival at Redmane Castle, speaking with Rogier and D, giving the Weathered Dagger to D, following the Black Knifeprint clue, encountering Fia in Deeproot Depths after defeating her champions, giving her the Cursemark of Death, and defeating Lichdragon Fortissax in the Deathbed Dream.
