CONTEXT
\n\n Ensha of the Royal Remains \n\nLocation\nRoundtable Hold\n\nDrops\nClinging BoneRoyal Remains Set\n\nRole\nNPC Invader\n\nEnsha of the Royal Remains or Ensha is an NPC in Elden Ring. He will refuse to speak to the player, but instead stare at them. He is the servant of Gideon Ofnir.\n\nEnsha of the Royal Remains Location in Elden Ring\nEnsha of the Royal Remains can be found at Roundtable Hold, directly to the right of the entrance of Gideon Ofnir's room.\n\nEnsha of the Royal Remains Questline: How to complete Ensha's Quest\nUpon first interaction, players obtain the What Do You Want? Gesture.\nAfter obtaining either half of the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right or Left), Ensha becomes an NPC Invader and ambushes the player the next time that they teleport to the Roundtable Hold. Defeating them rewards the Clinging Bone and the Royal Remains Set, which must be obtained by returning to where Ensha was originally standing, outside of Gideon Ofnir's room.\nA new dialogue will unlock with Gideon, where he apologizes for Ensha's behavior "as his master"\n\nDialogue in Elden Ring: Ensha of the Royal Remains\nEnsha of the Royal Remains does not speak. This character maintains an attentive attitude while leaning against the wall.\n\nElden Ring Ensha of the Royal Remains Notes & Trivia\n\nHe uses the Clinging Bone as his main weapon, frequently using its skill, Lifesteal Fist. He also uses the Meteorite Staff in his offhand, casting Collapsing Stars  and Rock Sling.\nGideon's Talk of Ensha after killing him.\n\n"Oh, my apologies for that nasty business. Ensha got rather ahead of himself, it seems. As his master, I'd like to express my regret. But now, Ensha is slain and gone. Finished, forever more."\n\nPossibly referred to as "The all-hearing" by the Finger Reader Crone at Raya Lucaria Academy bridge. \n\nEnsha was likely ordered to slaughter those in the village, for the purpose of finding the Haligtree Medallion’s half. However, he was unsuccessful as it was kept by a disguised Albus. The Tarnished is invaded after obtaining it, presumably because Ensha wishes to steal the medallion\n\n If neither Haligtree Secret Medallion is picked up before killing the Fire Giant, Ensha vanishes from the Roundtable Hold and doesn't invade the player there.\n\nElden Ring NPCs\n\nAbandoned Merchant Siofra River  ♦  Aeonian Spirit  ♦  Aeonian Swamp Spirit  ♦  Albinauric Village Spirit  ♦  Albus  ♦  Ashen Spirit  ♦  Blackguard Big Boggart  ♦  Blaidd  ♦  Bloody Finger Hunter Yura  ♦  Boc the Seamster  ♦  Brother Corhyn  ♦  Carian Manor Spirit  ♦  D's Twin Brother  ♦  D, Hunter of the Dead  ♦  Deathtouched Spirit  ♦  Diallos  ♦  Dung Eater  ♦  Eclipse Spirit  ♦  Edgar  ♦  Enia  ♦  Erdtree Sanctuary Spirit  ♦  Fia  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina  ♦  Frenzied Spirit  ♦  Frustrated Spirit  ♦  Gate Town Bridge Spirit  ♦  Gatekeeper Gostoc  ♦  Gideon Ofnir  ♦  Godwyn the Golden  ♦  Goldmask  ♦  Gowry  ♦  Grape Spirit  ♦  Gurranq Beast Clergyman  ♦  Hermit Merchant  ♦  Hyetta  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant  ♦  Irina  ♦  Iron Fist Alexander  ♦  Isolated Merchant Raya Lucaria  ♦  Isolated Merchants  ♦  Jar Bairn  ♦  Kenneth Haight  ♦  Kingsrealm Spirit  ♦  Knight Bernahl  ♦  Laiedd Spirit  ♦  Latenna  ♦  Lionel the Lionhearted  ♦  Liurnian Highway Spirit  ♦  Liurnian Lake Spirit  ♦  Lost Snow Spirit  ♦  Master Lusat  ♦  Melina  ♦  Merchant Kale  ♦  Millicent  ♦  Millicent's Sisters  ♦  Miquella  ♦  Miriel Pastor of Vows  ♦  Morne Spirit  ♦  Nepheli Loux  ♦  Nomadic Merchant Mohgwyn Palace  ♦  Nomadic Merchant West Altus Plateau  ♦  Nomadic Merchants  ♦  Patches  ♦  Pidia, Carian Servant  ♦  Preceptor Seluvis  ♦  Primeval Sorcerer Azur  ♦  Queen Marika  ♦  Ranni the Witch  ♦  Renna  ♦  Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)  ♦  Roderika  ♦  Rya  ♦  Rykard  ♦  Sanguine Noble (NPC)  ♦  Shabriri  ♦  Shaded Castle Spirit  ♦  Siofra River Spirit  ♦  Smithing Master Hewg  ♦  Sorcerer Rogier  ♦  Sorceress Sellen  ♦  Stranded Graveyard Spirit  ♦  Study Hall Spirit  ♦  Tanith  ♦  The Great-Jar  ♦  The Two Fingers  ♦  Thops  ♦  Three Fingers  ♦  Tower of Return Spirit  ♦  Twin Maiden Husks  ♦  Two Fingers  ♦  Volcano Manor Spirit  ♦  Wandering Artist Spirit  ♦  War Counselor Iji  ♦  White Mask Varre  ♦  Windmill Spirit  ♦  Witch-Hunter Jerren\n\n

QUESTION
How can players complete Ensha's quest in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players can complete Ensha's quest in Elden Ring by obtaining either half of the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right or Left), which triggers Ensha to become an NPC invader at Roundtable Hold upon next teleport, defeating him yields the Clinging Bone and Royal Remains Set, then returning to Gideon Ofnir's room.
