CONTEXT
\n\n Tombsward Catacombs \n\nThe Tombsward Catacombs are hidden inside the mountain near the Minor Erdtree in the Weeping Peninsula. Once filled with the bodies of the dead, armed skeletons now rise to chase away those that wish to explore its depths.\n\nTombsward Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring. The Tombsward Catacombs is found in Weeping Peninsula. The entrance to the Tombsward Catacombs can be found by moving directly south from the Church of Pilgrimage, towards the Minor Erdtree. Look for the set of doors leading into the mountain, hidden behind a stone pillar. \n\nTombsward Catacombs Map\nSee the location of Tombsward Catacombs on our interactive map here: [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Tombsward Catacombs\n\nNo NPCs are found in these Catacombs\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Tombsward Catacombs\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGrave Violet\nx5 Human Bone Shard\nx1 Golden Rune [2]\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nx3 Grave Glovewort [1]\nx3  ">Grave Glovewort [2] \nx1 Ghost Gloveworth [1]\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nThere are no equipment items in this location\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nNomadic Warrior's Cookbook [9]\nLhutel the Headless\nPrattling Pate "Thank you"\n\nElden Ring Tombsward Catacombs Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nBig Skeletons (Bow, Grossmesser (curved sword), small sword, small sword and shield, fire pot thrower)\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nCemetery Shade\n\nTombsward Catacombs Walkthrough\nThe entrance to Tombsward Catacombs is a set of doors hidden behind a stone pillar on the side of the mountain. It can be easily found by heading directly south from the Church of Pilgrimage. Stepping into the Catacombs players will immediately find a Site of Grace to use. Heading into the catacombs from the Site of Grace players will see a room sealed by an imp statue. You can choose to use a Stonesword Key here to open the seal for a Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [9] within. Otherwise heading left and down the stairs will bring you further into the Catacombs.\nThe Tombsward Catacombs is filled with Skeleton enemies that use various weaponry, including skeletal archers, sword users and skeletons throwing fire pots. In the first room you will find a set of ornate doors flanked by large stone statues holding lights. The doors are locked by some contraption. Head left to go deeper into the Catacombs, this second room spawns a skeleton that throws fire pots at the player as well as some some Grave Glovewort (1). \nAfter dealing with the skeleton head deeper into the catacombs to find 2 skeletal archers standing amongst pillars. Turn right as you enter the room to get out of sight from the archers and face the 1 skeletal warrior standing in this corner of the room, there is also a Grave Glovewort (1) here to gather. Use the pillars to position the archers to face them one at a time to make the fight easier. \nHeading out from this room is a tunnel with 1 skeleton holding a Grossmesser, a big sword. Slow down at the bend of the tunnel because there is a fire breathing statue at the end of the next tunnel that will breathe fire down the tunnel in pulses. The fire does huge damage and can kill players outright but you can cause it to descend by hitting it (using a bow helps quite a lot). Looking down the tunnel you can see a body on the path next to a small pocket that is safe, this pocket also features a single skeleton enemy lying in wait. Time yourself to the rhythm of the fire then head for the pocket, being careful to dispatch the skeleton without throwing yourself into the fire. Once at the fire breathing statue simply hit it to have it descend partway into the ground and turn off. This will also allow you to advance to the last room in this part of the catacombs where 4 skeleton enemies will be waiting.\nTake care when leaving the final room, a skeleton that throws fire pots will appear above where the fire breathing statue. In the final room players will be able to find the Prattling Pate "Thank you". \nTo complete the catacombs jump on to the fire breathing statue, the statue will then raise with the player on it bringing them up to the second floor. Follow the path to find a room with a Grave Violet then a narrower room with a Grave Glovewort (2) at the end. This second room has a skeleton archer at the end of the room as well as a skeleton using a Grossmesser at the entrance. Past this room players will find the lever to open the doors at the beginning of the catacombs and also find themselves above the room with 2 skeletal archers.\nBOSS BATTLE: CEMETERY SHADE\nThe boss battle for these catacombs is the Cemetery Shade, a humanoid shaped enemy that teleports short distances. This boss will teleport short distances and attack the player with their weapons applying bleed. The boss will also prepare then throw a green orb of poison at the player, the pillars in the room can be used to block this attack. The boss is relatively weak with only around 800 health so dispatch them quickly to claim your reward of 2200 runes and Lhutel the Headless.\n\nElden Ring Tombsward Catacombs Gallery and Notes\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What items can be gathered and farmed in the Tombsward Catacombs in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Grave Violet, Human Bone Shard, Golden Rune.
