CONTEXT
\n\n The Shaded Castle \n\nAn abandoned and Decrepit castle found in the northern region between the Mt. Gelmir and the Altus Plateau regions. The castle is half sunken into a poisonous bog, with the air tinged yellow by the fumes. \n\nThe Shaded Castle  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Shaded Castle  is found in Altus Plateau. A castle found in the northern region of the Altus Plateau. Head north through the valley between the Mt. Gelmir and Altus Plateau regions, heading north from the Altus Tunnel to find your way to the Castle.\n\nThe Shaded Castle Map\nThe Shaded Castle can be found on our interactive map [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in The Shaded Castle\n\nPatches (just before the boss door)\nThe Shaded Castle Spirit\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's The Shaded Castle\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGolden Rune (3)\nGolden Rune (6)\nGlass Shard\nPoisonbone Dart\nGrave Violet\nBudding Cave Moss\nMushroom\nDrawstring Fire Grease\nToxic Mushroom\nMiranda Powder\nRot Grease\nGolden Sunflower\nGold Firefly\nHefty Beast Bone\nAeonian Butterfly (2)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSmithing Stone (4)\nSmithing Stone (5)\nGhost Glovewort (4)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nDepraved Perfumer Set  (Chance Enemy Drop)\nCleanrot Knight's Sword (Chance Enemy Drop)\nBriar Greatshield (Boss Drop)\nMarais Executioner's Sword (Boss Drop) \n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\n"Champion's Song" Painting\nStonesword Key\nValkyrie's Prosthesis\nPerfume Bottle\nPerfumer's Cookbook (2)\n\nElden Ring The Shaded Castle Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nBasilisk\nDepraved Perfumer\nGiant Miranda Sprout\nLesser Cleanrot Knight\nMiranda Sprout\nPage\nPutrid Corpse\nRevenant\nRotten Stray\nSlug\nWandering Nobles\nWraith Caller\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nElemer of the Briar\n\nThe Shaded Castle Walkthrough\nThe Shaded Castle can be found in the North part of the Altus Plateau between the Mt. Gelmir and the Altus Plateau regions and can be seen while crossing the rope bridge between them near the Bridge of Iniquity Site of Grace. The castle is half-sunken into a poisonous bog with the air tinged yellow by the fumes. The castle can be reached by heading north in between the cliffs between the regions, heading east and north from the Old Altus Tunnel Site of Grace is a good way to get there. The Second Church of Marika is close to this area, though a safe way down to the valley from there may be difficult to find and navigate. \nTo enter the Castle players can use their steed to jump over low parts of the wall to get on top of the walls. One way in can be found following the wall to the northwest and climbing the rocks into the wall. Another way in can be found on the northeast side, keep close to the wall when the ground raises to find a low wall that can be jumped into. The northeast entrance is recommended as this entrance is close to the Shaded Castle Ramparts Sites of Grace, follow the wall southwards to find this Site of Grace.\nAlong the top and within the castle walls players will find Putrid Corpses as well as some Depraved Perfumers. A variation of Depraved Perfumers using a shield and throwing fire can also be found on the walls. Many Slugs can be found on the ground but also latch on the walls of the castle. 2 Boss enemies from other areas appear in The Shaded Castle as regular enemies, Revenants show up in 2 different places on the castle grounds while Lesser Cleanrot Knights can be found in a few different areas atop the walls and within the castle. \nFrom the Shaded Castle Ramparts Site of Grace, there is a ladder that leads into the castle area. A large amount of the castle grounds are covered in poison, walk carefully between safe or raised areas to not accumulate poison status while exploring or fighting in this area of The Shaded Castle. Using ranged attacks and abilities can be very effective in this part of the castle as you stand in safe places or use the height and range advantage of being on the walls to easily deal with the enemies. Within the walls of the castle, there are a few large dead trees that can be seen from far away, powerful enemies can be found under them but also many bodies with treasures found on them. A Royal Revenant can be found under the black tree in the northwest around bodies that hold a Ghost Glovewort (4) and a Somber Smithing Stone (5). You can find a Smithing Stone (5) and Drawstring Fire Grease under the tree in the south of the castle.\nThere are also many rocks that jut out from the ground creating small pockets within the castle grounds where enemies and treasure lie. Within the east side of the outer wall, north from the Shaded Castle Ramparts site of grace, is a small area with the south side walled by rocks. Walking down the stone pillar into the area players will be able to see the "Champion's Song" Painting on the right within a wooden structure, to get to the painting there are a set of stairs at the bottom that players can walk up. Following the outers walls of the castle in the northwest area, there is an area where one can find a Giant Miranda Sprout along with many Putrid Corpses, a Smithing Stone (5) can be found in the corner behind it. \nTo get further into the castle, there is a ladder leading up to the inner west wall, going over this wall will bring you into the next area of the castle and give you access to the next Site of Grace as well as the ladders up to the main castle areas. Going along the top of this wall, heading to the west, you will find a Lesser Cleanrot Knight at the end defending the entrance to a small room there. Defeat them to get to the chest that has the Valkyrie's Prosthesis within. Going east along the wall you will find Putrid Corpses and one particularly large one on the wooden bridge.\nFrom the inner west wall, you can climb over the roofs of the broken buildings to get across the gap and reach the Shaded Castle Inner Gate Site of Grace. Alternatively, you can go up the stairs in the middle of this courtyard area then head left to the Site of grace all the same. The inner east wall can be reached by a ladder that leads up from the inner part of the wall on the east side of the courtyard. At the top of this wall are some enemies but also the Perfume Bottle and a Smithing Stone (5) for players to loot. Taking a few steps back on the wall, you can kick a ladder that leads to the outer courtyard. On its left, you see a set of stone pillars, leading to a corpse (that you saw on a stone pillar in the outer courtyard but couldn't reach) bearing a Stonesword key.\nTeleport back to the Shaded Castle Inner Gate Site of Grace. In the middle part of the courtyard up the stairs is a small garden area where a Royal Revenant will spawn and attack the player, also in this garden is a Rot Grease on a body.\nHeading up into the castle you will start seeing Rotten Strays and other humanoid enemies within the buildings. Be careful of the small spaces in the buildings and walkways and of being swarmed by multiple enemies. The rooms here have many statues and bookshelves, with enemies hiding behind some of them, the rooms do not have great lighting so a torch is a good idea. Within the first room after going up the ladder there is a Wandering Noble wielding a sword waiting on the side of the entrance ready to jump you. Inside this first room are a ladder with a ranged enemy next to it and a Page hiding behind the statues. Taking the ladder up will bring you to an open area with no enemies, the Perfumer's Cookbook (2) can be found here on the body sat on the chair.\nLeaving the room leads to an open walkway with a bridge that reaches to the other side and the next tower up. On the right is a Rotten Stray chewing on a body, loot the body for a Hefty Beast Bone. A Lesser Cleanrot Knight can be found on the bridge blocking the way, once across the bridge the next room has many statues but also 2 Page enemies, one behind the statues and one up the stairs. 2 Gold Fireflies can be found on a body at the back of the room. \nGoing up the stairs leads to the upper courtyard area of the castle, this is the last area with enemies before the boss and also where a ladder can be found that when kicked down will help create a shortcut from the Inner Gate Sites of Grace. Another Lesser Cleanrot Knight can be found defending the central tower, there are also two rotten strays in this area, one larger than the other; be careful with being surrounded by them. Once this area is clear, head to the opposite side of the courtyard from the entrance to find a lit brazier near the edge with a ladder to kick down. There is also a tower with two Aeonian Butterflies on a tower that can only be reached by jumping onto the south wall and walking to the southeast corner, then jumping to the tower.\nOnce you make it back to the area you just jumped from, the central tower holds an elevator for players to go up, across the bridge at the top is the boss fight for this area.\nBOSS BATTLE: ELEMER OF THE BRIAR\nElemer of the Briar is a humanoid boss that primarily uses one large sword to fight the player that deals a large amount of damage with their attacks. The large greatsword it uses and the shield on its back are both dropped when the boss is defeated. While this boss is a melee fighter, the sword that the boss uses can be thrown and used at a range, the boss can even continue attacking at range before retrieving its sword. Watch out for when its arm or weapon glows red to dodge out of the way of its attacks.\nAfter beating the boss, in the hall where it was defeated, the Castellan's Hall Site of Grace appears and becomes available to use and he drops the Marais Executioner's Sword along with the Briar Greatshield.\n\nElden Ring The Shaded Castle Gallery and Notes\n\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What items and creatures can be found in The Shaded Castle in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Golden Rune (3), Golden Rune (6), Glass Shard, Poisonbone Dart, Grave Violet, Budding Cave Moss, Mushroom, Drawstring Fire Grease, Toxic Mushroom, Miranda Powder, Rot Grease, Golden Sunflower, Gold Firefly, Hefty Beast Bone, Aeonian Butterfly (2), Smithing Stone (4), Smithing Stone (5), Ghost Glovewort (4), Depraved Perfumer Set (Chance Enemy Drop), Cleanrot Knight's Sword (Chance Enemy Drop), Briar Greatshield (Boss Drop), Marais Executioner's Sword (Boss Drop), "Champion's Song" Painting, Stonesword Key, Valkyrie's Prosthesis, Perfume Bottle, Perfumer's Cookbook (2), Basilisk, Depraved Perfumer, Giant Miranda Sprout, Lesser Cleanrot Knight, Miranda Sprout, Page, Putrid Corpse, Revenant, Rotten Stray, Slug, Wandering Nobles, Wraith Caller.
