CONTEXT
\n\n Subterranean Shunning-Grounds \n\nThe unseen underground of the Royal Capital, where the forsaken Omen were sent to rot in obscurity.\n\nSubterranean Shunning-Grounds is a Location in Elden Ring. The Subterranean Shunning-Grounds is found in Leyndell, Royal Capital (or later, Leyndell, Ashen Capital). It is accessible by descending the stairs at the Avenue Balcony Site of Grace and immediately turning left out of the double grate doors. First walk to the railing, and then move northwest until the rooftops are directly to your left. Hop over the railing onto the rooftops, then descend into the plaza. From the plaza's center, face due North. The well's wooden structure will be visible between a dilapidated ruin and the walkway.\n\nSubterranean Shunning-Grounds Map\n\nElden Ring Interactive Map Link\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Subterranean Shunning-Grounds\n\nDung Eater - His corporeal form can be found in a sewer-gaol. From the Underground Roadside site of grace, head North-East and find a grate in the floor leading to the aqueducts/sewers.\nContinue North past the Rats and 3x Giant Miranda Sprouts to find a ladder. At the top of the ladder is a room where Lesser Fingercreepers and a Fingercreeper will emerge from the ground. At the back is the cell. It requires the Sewer-Gaol Key to unlock which is also given by Dung Eater at the Roundtable Hold. See his NPC page for more details.\n\nSubterranean Shunning-Grounds Video Guide\n\nShunning-Grounds Video Guide\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Subterranean Shunning-Grounds\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nFire Grease\nFreezing Grease\nSilver-Pickled Fowl Foot\nPoisoned Stone Clumps\n1x Eye of Yelough\nGlass Shard\nGolden Rune (11)\nGolden Rune (10)\nGolden Rune (8)\nStrip of White Flesh\nPreserving Boluses\nRainbow Stone Arrow (Fletched)\nGrave Violet\nFireproof Dried Liver\nGrace Mimic\nString\nWarming Stone\n8x Poisoned Stone\nDappled Cured Meat\nGolden Centipede\nLiving Jar Shard\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSomber Smithing Stone (8)\nSomber Smithing Stone (7)\nSomber Smithing Stone (6)\nSmithing Stone (8)\nSmithing Stone (7)\nSmithing Stone (5)\nGhost Glovewort (6)\nFurlcalling Finger Remedy\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nRune Arc\nShadow Bait\nMohg's Shackle\nBloodsoaked Mask\nBloodsoaked Manchettes\nErdtree's Favor +1\nHaligdrake Talisman +1\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nLost Ashes of War\nNomad Ashes\nStonesword Key\nRitual Pot\nOmen Bairn\n\nElden Ring Subterranean Shunning-Grounds Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nBasilisk\nGiant Crayfish\nFanged Imp\nLesser Fingercreeper\nFingercreeper\nOmen\nRat\nGiant Rat\nMiranda Sprout\nGiant Miranda Sprout\nPutrid Corpse\nRevenant\nWraith Caller\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nMohg, the Omen\n\nSubterranean Shunning-Grounds Walkthrough\nHow do I get to the underground sewers Elden Ring?\nEntry Points\nTo find the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds, start from the Avenue Balcony Site of Grace in Leyndell, Royal Capital. Head down the stairs, then immediately head left after you get attacked by the greatbow-wielding Leyndell Knight. Jump over the balcony towards the golden Teardrop Scarab that yields Ash of War: Thunderbolt. Fight off the Albinaurics that are crawling around the area, and look for a well in the northern corner. (If you've wandered to a place that overlooks a large open sewer area guarded by a Broken Statue, you've gone too far. Backtrack and try again.) Drop down this well, pick up a Rune Arc, then look northwest for a passage that eventually leads to the Shunning-Grounds. Before you descend the ladder, you can pick off the Omen patrolling the main path before climbing down.\nIf you've already completed Crumbling Farum Azula and Leyndell is now Leyndell, Ashen Capital , the Shunning-Grounds is still perfectly intact and accessible. Walk downhill to the center of the area to an open manhole. Jump in and carefully descend down, and land on a support beam that has the Crimson Amber Medallion +2. From this beam you can drop down onto the balcony that overlooks the main area.\nOnce you've gotten down onto the main path, head northeast. On your left hand side is the Underground Roadside Site of Grace. This will serve as your main checkpoint as several routes open up shortcuts that lead back here.\nTo Leyndell Catacombs\nLeave the room with the Grace and turn left. Follow the main path northeast a bit and you can see an alcove on the opposing side past the Omen. If you can dash past or defeat this Omen, the corpse it's looking over has the Bloodsoaked Mask and Bloodsoaked Manchettes. Descend the ladder in the alcove and you'll enter a large room with several pipes and many Fanged Imps waiting to ambush you. Deal with them in any manner you fancy to clear the way forward.\nThe platform you start at has some Freezing Grease. Jump onto the closest pipe and follow it to the next wooden platform for some Serpent Arrows. Pick off the Imps from afar, then follow to the next platform (mind the Fanged Imp ambush) and collect a Fire Grease. If you follow the pipe forward and down its incline, you can collect a Somber Smithing Stone (6) at the end. The other branch leads to wooden platforms on the opposite side of the room and has a corpse with a Smithing Stone (7). Go in the doorway and head up the stairs.\nOnce you peek out the doorway, you'll be at a room with a corpse on your left. That corpse holds the Shadow Bait incantation but is guarded by an Omen. To your right is a lever that opens the giant grate next to it so you can access this side of the pipe room from the Site of Grace without needing to traverse Fanged Imp territory.\nGo back to the Pipe Room from this end, and look down. You can see a large pipe that you can safely jump onto. Hop down the large pipes and reach the watery floor of the area. Use the pipe sections to find safety when the Giant Crayfish attacks you. You can skip the lobsters by running into these pipe parts. Follow the wall southeast until you reach an opening where you can access the Leyndell Catacombs Site of Grace and take shelter from the Giant Crayfish. If you head back out, you can find Mohg’s Shackle up against the southeast wall. If you can take out the Giant Crayfish, the corpses in this area contain a total of 2x Smithing Stone (7) and 2x Somber Smithing Stone (7).\n\nFrom the Leyndell Catacombs Site of Grace, you can proceed down the stairs to clear that dungeon. Otherwise, you can head up the stairs and turn right to a lift. Ride it up, running past the infinitely-respawning spectral soldiers that harass you. Underneath the flight of stairs that you see here are illusory walls. Hit them to open up a space beneath the platform, then look left and hit the next wall to find a Haligdrake Talisman +1. Take out the white slug here to stop the soldiers from respawning. Climb up the stairs, grab the Golden Rune (11) on the way, then pull the lever at the end of the corridor to open up a shortcut to the room that held the Shadow Bait incantation.\nTo the Dung-Eater\nFrom the Underground Roadside Grace, head out the room and turn left. Go as far as you can to the end of the main road until you see a hole in the grates on the floor. Drop down this hole.\n\nAt the bottom of this drop, look southeast for some Preserving Boluses at the dead end. Then turn around, fight through the rats, and follow this tunnel all the way to the end until it turns left. You'll see a total of three Giant Miranda Sprouts on the way forward. Burn them down, then climb the ladder at the end. Pick up the Rune Arc and then follow the tunnel to a right turn. The corpse has a Lost Ash of War but is guarded by a Fingercreeper. Run past this and you can find the Dung Eater's cell. Note that you must have the Sewer-Gaol Key to open this door. This key can be obtained from the Dung Eater in the Roundtable Hold while you have a Seedbed Curse in your possession. If you intend to finish the Dung Eater's quest, he will be found here in this cell to receive the Seedbed Curses to create his Mending Rune.\nThe Next Shortcut\nAfter dropping down the open grate, instead of making the left turn to the Dung Eater's cell, on the wall on your right is a pipe. This leads to a labyrinthine section of the Shunning-Grounds.\nFollow the pipe forward and drop down the first hole you see. You'll end up in a room with a grate that has a few Wraith Callers. Deal with them and then pick up a Stonesword Key at the far end of the room. After picking up the Stonesword Key, turn left and open the cell door. Past this door, follow the path and turn left and go along an upward incline. To your right should be the hole that you fell down previously - now you're on the other side of it. Turn left and proceed, but be wary of another hole in the ground. This one drops you into a large chamber with a Revenant. Jump over this hole, pick up the bunch of Rainbow Stone Arrow (Fletched), and then turn right at the next junction. Follow the pipe downwards and to the end, picking up the Fireproof Dried Liver on your right on the way. You'll then reach a room with an Omen atop the ladder at the end. The item you see before you is a Somber Smithing Stone (8).\nDispatch or run past the Omen, and climb up the ladder to reach another large room. The corpse on your immediate left has a Smithing Stone (7) that's guarded by two Omens, while there is a lever on your right that opens a grate that leads back to the main path and provides a shortcut to the Underground Roadside Grace. The way forward is the doorway that you see right ahead. This leads you to the rim of a large cylindrical chamber. Turn right and follow the broken stairs down to pick up some Grace Mimics, but the actual way down is on your left from this entry doorway. Look over the edge and you can find a ledge below you that you can safely drop onto. You'll find a silver Teardrop Scarab that yields a Somber Smithing Stone (6) after you kill it. Follow the broken stairs to the end to find some String, then enter the next doorway you see.\nFollow the corridor, taking out Putrid Corpses and Miranda Sprouts on the way, until you've descended a set of stairs to the Fire Grease guarded by a pair of Miranda Sprouts. You'll see a ladder and a Giant Miranda Sprout that you can snipe from this vantage point. After you've taken it out, descend to fight off some Basilisks and pick up some Poisoned Stone Clumps in the room. The doorway out leads to a short platform that holds the Nomad Ashes and a Basilisk ambush. Climb back up the ladder and you'll notice a pathway that goes under the stairs. Follow it into another pipe. Travel through it, taking out a couple of Basilisks and a Commoner on the way. Note the locked door here - it's a shortcut you can open much later. Follow the pipe to the end and you'll find another open room with a single Omen in it. Kill this Omen for the Omen Bairn, loot the bodies and then climb up the ladder. Cross the wooden platform, picking up another batch of Poisoned Stone Clumps on the way, then open the double doors to find yourself on the opposite side of the Underground Roadside Site of Grace.\nTo the Cathedral of the Forsaken\nWith that door now open, start at the Underground Roadside Grace and proceed straight through the door you just opened. Rather than going back to the room with the ladder that leads to the Omen, instead look to your right and step onto the pipe. Follow it all the way to a wooden platform at its end, taking out more Fanged Imps on the way, then drop to your left onto another large pipe. Make a break for the long wooden platform northeast, then turn around and take out any Fanged Imps that are chasing you. Mind the Fanged Imp ambush from the doorway that faces the Golden Rune (10). Go through that same doorway, kick down the ladder to your left to open a shortcut that bypasses Fanged Imp territory on return trips, then turn around and walk to the end of the platform. Look to your left for a large square platform that you can jump down to, then walk on the pipe and jump into the upward-facing opening.\nThis is another labyrinthine set of pipes, but thankfully the last. You may notice a rat scampering away. If you want to go straight to the end of this area, skip the next paragraph and start following the rat.\nHead the other direction from the scampering rat. This section of the pipe maze is virtually devoid of enemies and has several Crimson and Cerulean Teardrop Scarabs you can refill your flasks with. Once you see the first branching point, mark the spot with a Rainbow Stone, then take the right branch, then first left, then head to the end of the pipe and turn right to find some Eye of Yelough. Backtrack, ignore the first right turn, then turn left at the T-junction. Follow the pipe all the way down, picking up the Warming Stones on your left. At the T-junction, turn left then right in quick succession, then follow the path to a Smithing Stone (8). Backtrack all the way to your Rainbow Stone and turn right. Follow the pipe down, making a U-turn that leads to a Golden Rune (8) at the intersection. Turn left at this intersection and follow it all the way to a Smithing Stone (7). This pipe also opens back to the large Pipe Room. If you've kept up with the guide this far, backtrack all the way to your Rainbow Stone and now go straight ahead.\nFollow the rat down the pipe. When you reach the next branching point with the Golden Rune (11), turn left and drop down the hole (watch out for the Commoner who will attempt to backstab you). If you go straight instead you'll end up on the wrong side of the locked door and have to do more backtracking. If you went down the hole on the left, take out the Commoner, pick up the Smithing Stone (5), and open the locked door on your right. Head straight down the pipe instead of through the door you just opened, descending the stairs and ladders until you reach a room filled with Living Jars, with a Ritual Pot near the large Living Jar. Take the exit you see on the right, and then ride the elevator down to the bottom of the giant cylindrical chamber. The Site of Grace you see is the Forsaken Depths Grace, and directly ahead is the room where you fight Mohg, the Omen.\nMohg, the Omen Strategy\n\nMelee: Equip Mohg's Shackle in your items and buff before entering the arena, summon your ash of choice right away then wait for him to approach. When he is close and about to strike, use the Mohg's shackle item to interrupt him then unleash some charged attacks on him. You may need to trade a hit or two, but you should be able to stagger him with all of that time and get a critical strike. Feel free to run away and rebuff if needed, let your summon take aggro and dodge through his attacks. Land a charged attack while he is busy with your summon then immediately use the Mohg's Shackle again--note that you can only use it TWICE each time you fight him. Then land some heavy or charged attacks afterwards. It should be easy to stagger him at this point and now you get to face him with substantially less health. From here on just read his attacks and throw out some light attacks in between or run and gun if you would like to (the pillars can stop his bloodsplatter ability if they aren't knocked down yet). Might be tricky to get down but with the hammer talisman and the flask of wondrous physick that buffs charged attacks+stance break I was able to brea\nMagic: For magic and ranged users, you need to be careful when casting spells/incantations or using ranged skills, his trident has a long reach and can clip you where you think you might not get hit. He also has a couple of bloodflame spells that can be used as projectiles. Try casting spells/incantations that are quick or heavy-hitting and make sure you're either at a safe distance, or when he's casting a spell as well, but do not trade blows with him when he's casting a spell as it is not worth it. Only do so if you think you're safe, you can take advantage of the pillars from the area to hide from the projectile. If you're using a bow and arrow, you can safely jump and shoot from a safe distance while kiting him around the area. You can also use Mohg's Shackle then cast the spell/incantation of your choice, note that you can only use the shackle twice each time you fight him.\n\nAfter the boss fight, loot the treasure chest for an Erdtree's Favor +1, then activate the Cathedral of the Forsaken Site of Grace and rest. Attack the wall behind the chest and a secret passageway should open. If you haven't beaten Morgott the Omen King, the way forward from here will be sealed off. If you have, though, you can proceed forward to a very difficult platforming puzzle, leading to the Frenzied Flame Proscription, the final location for Hyetta's questline. See the Cathedral of the Forsaken page for more details of the loot that can be found beyond, and for details on completing the platforming puzzle.\n\nSubterranean Shunning-Grounds Dungeon Maps\nThe player starts exploring this Dungeon from the Top Level entering from Leyndell, Royal Capital's Underground Floor or by falling from Leyndell, Ashen Capital.\n\nElden Ring Subterranean Shunning-Grounds Gallery and Notes\nHow do I get to Frenzy Door Elden ring?\n\nThis area is accessible from this location: Subterranean Shunning Grounds.The door is at the lowest part of this location. You may follow the walkthrough down until you reach Mohg, the Omen. From here, you will need to return to the back of his boss room. Loot the chests, activate and use the Cathedral of the Forsaken Site of Grace and rest. Attack the wall behind the chest to take down the wall and reveal the passage. Here is where you will need to use your platforming skills descend. leading to the Frenzied Flame Proscription, the final location for Hyetta's questline. See the Cathedral of the Forsaken page for more details of the loot that can be found beyond, and for details on completing the platforming puzzle.\n\nPlatforming Walkthrough\n\nEnter the area and cross the wooden planks to descend to the lower levels. You may notice a few tents on the way - these can be broken by the wandering Nomads' Frenzy attacks. The first one you find contains the Nomadic Merchant's Set, while the next one has 5x Eye of Yelough. You'll eventually reach a point where you need to drop between two perpendicular planks before you can proceed further; the Frenzied's Cookbook (2) can be obtained in an alcove after you've dropped to the lower plank.\nYou'll be at the last wooden beam on the southern side of the shaft. There'll be a Nomad on the final southern platform playing a violin. Where this enemy is is exactly where you need to drop off to start dropping down the gravestones on the eastern shaft wall. Look carefully and you will see a tiny gravestone jutting out in the corner - carefully walk over without jumping or rolling to drop onto that gravestone.\nFrom this gravestone, the next one to drop onto is further down on the eastern wall. Face your character to the southern wall and backstep. Ensure that you're positioned and angled properly to not bump the geometry on the way down.\nIt is possible to skip the platforming with Longtail Cat Talisman, however, you will not acquire the incantation hanging at the lowest platform before the floor. Simply have it equipped and jump down, you will fall to the floor causing you to die and break the floor. Respawn and jump again to reach the floor unharmed (the talisman is not required after breaking the floor).\n Then, face north and backstep. You should fall onto the next gravestone without issue. Face south and backstep again, and this should land you on a gravestone with a corpse holding the Inescapable Frenzy Incantation. Walk into the hallway, turn right. Beware of the nomad that is sitting facing the dark corner.  Pick up the Fingerprint Stone Shield at the end of the corridor. Behind the breakable tent here is Note: Miquella's Needle. From the lowest possible level, you can safely jump to the floor - it will crumble and you will land in the Frenzied Flame Proscription. This is Hyetta's final quest location, and there is a Site of Grace nearby too. You can also speak to Melina here.. To the left of where Hyetta is standing is an illusory wall.  Roll into the wall to reveal a short corridor with a chest at the end.  The chest contains 1x Rune Arc. The wall behind the chest is also an illusion. Rolling into it opens up the passage into a large cavern. Drop down to arrive at the Root-Facing Cliffs site of Grace, part of Deeproot Depths. \n\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How do I get to Frenzy Door Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Follow the walkthrough down to the end room, loot the chests, activate the Cathedral of the Forsaken Site of Grace and rest, then attack the wall behind the chest to reveal the passage, leading to the Frenzied Flame Proscription, the final location for Hyetta's questline.
