CONTEXT
\nStormveil Castle is a Legacy Dungeon in Elden Ring. A castle that lies on the cliffs of Stormhill, a stronghold of Godrick the Grafted. Be wary of this location since there are hordes of soldiers and hostile creatures that will stop anything and anyone who tries to infiltrate the area. Players entering Stormveil Castle should beware that it's a challenging dungeon with groups of numerous enemies with traps and ballistas as well as mini-bosses. This area does not allow riding. \n\nStormveil Castle Guide\n\nPrevious: Stormhill\nNext: Raya Lucaria Academy\nRecommended Levels: 30-40\nBosses: Grafted Scion, Lion Guardian, Godrick the Grafted\nSite of Grace: Stormveil Cliffside [Map Link]Stormveil CastleStormveil Main Gate [Map Link]Rampart Tower [Map Link]Liftside Chamber [Map Link]Secluded Cell [Map Link]Godrick the Grafted [Map Link]\n\nVideo walkthrough\n\nStormveil Castle Maps\nGround Level\n\n1st Level\n\n2nd Floor\n\n3rd Floor\n\nRooftops\n\nNPCs in Stormveil Castle\n\nGatekeeper Gostoc\nSorcerer Rogier\nNepheli Loux\nKenneth Haight (at the end of Nepheli's quest)\n\nStormveil Bosses\n\nGrafted Scion\nLion Guardian\nUlcerated Tree Spirit\nGodrick the Grafted\n\nStormveil All Items\nTalismans\n\nx1 Curved Sword Talisman\nx1 Boltdrake Talisman\nx1 Claw Talisman\nx1 Prince of Death's Pustule\n\nConsumables\n\nx10 Bolt\nx8 Kukri\nx10 Arrow\nx4 Golden Rune (1)\nx9 Golden Rune (2)\nx1 Golden Rune (4)\nx1 Golden Rune (5)\nx1 Fire Grease\nx1 Magic Grease\nx1 Stanching Boluses\nx1 Furlcalling Finger Remedy\nx1 Golden Seed\nx1 Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot\nx1 Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot\nx1 Grace Mimic\n\nWeapons & Shields\n\nx1 Marred Leather Shield\nx1 Brick Hammer\nx1 Hookclaws\nx5 Throwing Dagger\nx10 St. Trina's Arrow\nx5 Ballista Bolt\nx1 Hawk Crest Wooden Shield\nx1 Misericorde\nx1 Highland Axe\nx1 Pike\nx1 Wooden Greatshield\nx1 Godslayer's Seal\nx1 Manor Towershield\nx1 Arbalest\n\nArmor\n\nCommoner's Simple Garb\n\nSpells & Ashes\n\nx1 Rancorcall\nx1 Aspect of the Crucible: Horns\nx1 Ash of War: Stormcaller\nx1 Ash of War: Storm Assault\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nPoisonbloom\nx2 Herba\nx3 Mushroom\nx1 Trina's Lily\nx3 Arteria Leaf\nx1 Lump of Flesh\nx3 Ruin Fragment\nx1 Beast Blood\nx2 Old Fang\nx1 Pickled Turtle Neck\nx7 Smithing Stone (1)\nx5 Smithing Stone (2)\nx1 Smithing Stone (3)\nx8 Smoldering Butterfly\nx1 Somber Smithing Stone (1)\nx1 Somber Smithing Stone (2)\n\nEnemy Drops\n\nRunes\nBanished Knight's Halberd\nBanished Knight's Greatsword\nBanished Knight Set\nCommoner's Shoes\nCommoner's Garb\nCommoner's Headband (Altered)\nExile Armor\nExile Greaves\nFlight Pinion\nStormhawk Feather\nCrescent Moon Axe\nWarhawk's Talon\nTorchpole\nOmen Cleaver\n\nKeys & Other\n\nx1 Rusty Key\nx1 Iron Whetblade\nx2 Stonesword Key\nx1 Chrysalids' Memento\nx1 Dozing Cross-Legged\nx1 Prophecy Painting\nx1 Mimic's Veil\nx1 Godrick's Great Rune\nx1 Remembrance of the Grafted\nx1 Shabriri Grape\nx1 Godskin Prayerbook\nx1 Festering Bloody Finger\nx1 Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [10]\n\nEnemies\n\nExile Soldier\nTroll\nOmen\nLiving Jar\nCommoner\nRotten Stray\nBanished Knight\nWarhawk\n\nNotes\nImportant Discoveries\n\nSpeak to Gatekeeper Gostoc at the castle's gatehouse.\nEnter the castle using the secret, back entrance.\nFind Sorcerer Rogier at the castle's chapel.\nMeet Nepheli before reaching Godrick the Grafted.\nDefeat Godrick the Grafted and claim his Great Rune.\nExplore the Castle's Crypt.\n\nFull Stormveil Castle Walkthrough\n\n    Use our \n   Stormveil Castle Map and Walkthrough Videos to navigate the area and obtain 100% of all items. If you prefer to do a quick sweep, click \n   here to go to the Speedrun Walkthrough. \n\nThe Castle's Entrance\n\nYou've beaten Margit the Fell Omen and have arrived at the main gate of the Stormveil Castle, just by the gate's main gate, there is the Stormveil Main Gate Site of Grace that you can use. On the left side, you'll notice a room nearby, this is the castle's gatehouse, where you'll meet Gatekeeper Gostoc, an old tall fellow that may seem a bit suspicious. Speak to him and he will advise you to avoid entering the castle using the main gate because he says it's tightly guarded. But instead, he suggests you try the other way going through the opening, (on the left) claiming that guards don't know about that entrance. You will be given the choice to accept or reject his suggestion. If you reject it, he will be fine with that and respect your decision. He will even open the gate for you. But as soon as you enter a few steps, multiple arrows will strike you from far away. However, you can make it past them. For this walkthrough, we will go through the opening that Gostoc suggests.\n\nGo out through the opening on the left and you'll see a summoning pool on the left corner which you can activate, and on the left side of the summoning pool is a body that you can pillage to find x1 Golden Rune (1). Turn around and hug the wall on the right, you'll see there's a concrete beam on the wall that you can jump on so that you can go through the opening. You'll then immediately see another body you can loot to find x3 Ruin Fragment. From there keep going straight and jump over the wall to find yourself in the west backside of the castle.\n\nBefore you jump down towards the castle grounds, look to your right and you'll notice that the destroyed wall is formed like steps that you can jump on to reach the high ground that's on the upper left. When you reach it, there's another body by a wall that you can loot to find x1 Smithing Stone (2). After grabbing the upgrade material, make your way to the bottom to continue towards the castle.\n\nJust be careful since there is a Warhawk enemy here that will attack you once you are seen. Kill it and before continuing towards the overlooking area, you can roam around the cliffside (specifically on the left side) to find some materials such as x2 Herba, as well as an eyrie of Warhawk enemies. You'll notice that there are about 5 Warhawks here, so we suggest that you use a ranged magic attack such as the Glintstone Pebble to gain the advantage of attacking first while it is unaware.\nOnce you've cleared out the area, check the spot where the eyrie was to find a corpse that you can loot to find x1 Smithing Stone (3). From the same spot where you picked up the smithing stone, first, go left and work your way around the cliffside, at the end of it, is another body that you can loot to find x10 Bolt. Now, continue towards the overlooking area where you'll find the Stormveil Cliffside Site of Grace, use it to save it as your checkpoint and to rest if needed. There's also another summoning pool on the left side of it.\n\nHead up the slope on the right and jump on the wooden path and steps that go to the top. Just before reaching the top of the platform, you'll find another corpse, midway through the steps, that you can pillage to find x1 Marred Leather Shield. Be cautious here and keep an eye out for three Exile Soldiers roaming outside since one of them can spot you as you try to grab the shield. You can try to backstab the first guard you see before it walks near the arch door so that you avoid catching the attention of the other guard that's inside.\nOnce you've defeated the first three guards, go inside and look to the left, there's another arch door where you'll see a body that's sitting by the edge of the platform, but before approaching it, look up, you'll see another Exile Soldier that is ready to shoot you as you approach the body. Take out the enemy first and then loot the corpse to find x1 Golden Rune (2) or you can just quickly grab the item and dodge to avoid getting hit. Now inside and head into the next room which is the castle's wine cellar where you'll encounter two commoner enemies resting by the barrels.\nThe Wine Cellar\n\nKill both enemies and then go left and straight under the stairs where you'll see some stacked boxes and barrels, break through it, but be careful since there is another Exile Soldier wielding an axe, roaming. You can hide first and wait as it makes another round, so you can backstab the enemy, instantly killing the guard. Check the left side corner at the end to find a body that can be looted, it has x1 Hookclaws. Now go back and tread carefully to the top of the stairs, as you head up, towards the first set of steps, you'll see more wooden barrels blocking the way, dodge through them, and be ready to sprint as soon as you recover from dodging since you'll encounter two more commoners ahead, one in front, and the other above one level that will throw bombs at you. Quickly kill the first commoner enemy, and then rush to the other that's at the top.\n\nOnce you've killed the two enemies, go straight, on the right side from the arch entrance with a locked door to find a body by the edge of the platform to find x5 Throwing Dagger. Go back and if you look to the right where the second commoner standing above on the wooden platform bridge was, there's a hole in the wall with roots, on the right side that you can jump on where you can find x5 Throwing Dagger. Go back and look to the right side, there's a hole in the wall that is covered in vines. Jump on it to find a body that you can loot to find x10 St. Trina's Arrow.\nGo back down from the hole and continue forward towards the narrow path with the archway, be careful here, and be ready to dodge back since there is another Commoner enemy ahead that will throw a bomb at you, as soon as you try to pick up the item by the arch doorway. Sprint and dodge forward to close the gap and then kill the enemy, or you can use a ranged spell to kill it while it's unaware of your presence. You'll also find a body here to pillage to find x3 Smoldering Butterfly.\n\nTurn to the left and break the boxes and barrels to see another set of small steps that goes up. Next to the second set of steps, you'll find another Commoner sitting, kill the enemy and then drop down below the platform from where the sitting Servant was, you'll find another body to loot that has x1 Golden Rune (2). If you want to challenge yourself, turn to the left, jump across the wooden platform and then go back up to the spot where the Commoner was sitting where you'll find a door to the right.\nThe Banished Knight\n\nBefore entering the room, be sure that you are prepared since the door will close behind you once you start to fight the Banished Knight inside the pitch-black room. Having a Torch will help you see here and will only be your source of light as you fight this enemy if you need to. The Banished Knight is a strong agile enemy that wields a sword and shield. If you can fight without a Torch, using a mix of melee and magical ranged attacks are best to use against the Banished Knight.\nYou may want to keep your distance as you fight the enemy since the knight's swings from the sword have long reach, and aggressively using the shield causes a swirl of wind. One tip is to use Glintblade Phalanx against it since the magical swords will automatically attack, causing the knight to flinch. Successfully defeating the Banished Knight yields 400 runes.\n\nMake sure to loot its body to grab a cosmetic item, Banished Knight Armor (Altered), loot the corpse that's by a corner to find the Rusty Key. There is also a treasure chest here, just on the left side corner from where the corpse is, open the chest to find x1 Curved Sword Talisman. Since you're done here, go back down to the second level near the hole on the wall that has vines and use the key to unlock the door. Inside the room, there is a ladder that you can climb to reach the top level of the wine cellar.\nWine Cellar - Top Level\n\nThrough the arch door, look to your right first and you'll see a Commoner sitting on the floor with its back facing you. While it is unaware, you can use a ranged magic attack to kill it first, or jump to the platform to kill it. Walk up a bit and you'll notice another Commoner ahead, with the same tactic, kill it with a ranged magic attack. Go straight and slowly walk onto the wooden beam to reach the other side, at the end, there is a body that you can loot to find x1 Fire Grease.\nGo back a bit and jump across to the platform on your left, go through the archway in the outer wall (you may have noticed some loot in the hole to the right of the archway; ignore it for now). Turn left. An Exile Soldier is on the ramparts, and another guard is down the stairs in the tower. There is a corpse on the ledge behind the second Guard that can be looted to find the Brick Hammer. You can jump down from here if you wish to return to the bottom of the ladder. Otherwise, retrace your steps back to where you came up the ladder. Be ready to sprint and dodge towards the set of stairs since there is a Commoner that is waiting to ambush you by the corner, on the left side.\n\nHead up the stairs and on the upper platform where there are barrels, tools, and boxes, you'll see another Commoner sitting on the ground, kill it and check the corpse in front of it that's by a wall to find x1 Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot. Head outside and look to your left to find part of the castle's steps. But before going up, walk around the narrow path of the castle's structure until you reach a dead-end to find a body that you can pillage to find x3 Mushroom - from here go back and head up the steps.\n\nAt the top, you'll find a room on the right, take caution since another Banished Knight is wielding an axe that's roaming around. You can wait and sneak up behind the knight to perform a backstab and follow up with ranged attacks. You won't instantly kill the knight but instead, inflict a chunk of damage to its health. Alternatively, you can also use the elevator shaft in the middle as space to maintain distance, and you can use long-ranged attacks. Another way is if you try to sneak up behind the knight, with proper timing and positioning, backstabbing the knight at the right moment can cause the knight to fall off.\nAfter defeating the knight, you can make a detour for an Arteria leaf, which you may have seen earlier in the hole in the wall, or continue and head to the second floor (and touch the site of grace first):\n\nContinue to site of grace: Go up the stairs to the second floor and you'll find a large room on the left that hosts the Rampart Tower Site of Grace - take this opportunity to rest and manage your equipment if needed.\nArteria leaf: Go back outside where you fought the Banished Knight. Go the left side and jump down on the ledge below. Continue to the left along the edge until it ends. Jump down again on the wooden blanks to get the Arteria leaf. Go through the hole and make you way back up again.\n\nYou can also check the third floor where there is an Exile Soldier that's patrolling, while the other is on the other end of the platform that's holding a crossbow. Tread carefully while you are crouched so the one patrolling doesn't see you and slowly move back down to the second level as the guard goes down as well, when you have a clear shot, use a ranged magic attack to take it out. Go to the third level and take out the other guard with the crossbow next. This takes you to one of the castle's rooftops, go through the doorway with a large arch, and go around the path to find the entrance leading outside.\n\nThere is another Exile Soldier here resting by the pile of sacks on the left while another standing on a high platform. Kill it, and on the right side, just by the corner is another Exile Soldier with a crossbow. Once you've cleared the area, on the wooden platform where one of the Exile Soldiers was standing, there's a body that can be looted to find x1 Golden Rune (2). There are about three more Exile Soldiers as well on the other side, and you can find them looking tired and resting by the corners. You can take this advantage to collect Runes - you've cleared this area.\nCastle Rooftops\n\nWhile still on the rooftop, across from the entry area, if you look across, you'll notice that you can jump onto the balcony ledge and you can jump across. But tread carefully and wall-hug so that you don't fall! Jump up on the ledge and move along to the tower that's furthest to the right in the picture above. From there, move forward until you can safely jump across to the ledge of the destroyed tower. From there, go around to find an opening on the wall that you can go through. Jump down and you'll see a corpse that you can loot to find x1 Stonesword Key. You'll then notice that there is an exit to your left where you can jump down on a rooftop. Now prepare your weapon before jumping down since you will be ambushed by a Warhawk.\n\nThe Warhawk is quite agile and attacks in the air, so maintaining a safe distance while you attack it with ranged attacks, will surely do well against it. After killing it, you'll see another corpse sitting against a wall on the roof that you can pillage to find a gesture x1 Dozing Cross-Legged. Now walk to your left and look below where you'll notice a door that is blocked with white fog.\n\nBefore you try to jump down safely, you'll notice ahead of you that you can jump onto a narrow platform that's sticking around the wall.  Move directly west along the railing, then carefully jump on the ledge. Hug the wall, go around three corners to reach a wooden plank that leads up on a bigger ledge. There, you'll find a corpse that you can pillage to find x2 Smithing Stone (2). Go back to the rooftops via the narrow ledge, and near the fallen pillar, you can use the narrow platforms sticking from the wall to jump down. Make sure you jump down carefully since there is another Banished Knight here.\n\nAs you jump down, turn around and go straight until you walk to a ledge. If you look down, you'll notice a statue and a corpse next to it that you can loot. You can jump down since your character can land safely from the height. Loot the body to find x1 Somber Smithing Stone (2). Now, if you look ahead, you'll see the door that is blocked with white fog, and next to it, is a glowing imp statue. There's also a doorway on the left side where you'll hear some loud crashing noises. If you examine the imp statue, you will be asked to use the Stonesword Key to permanently dispel the white fog, allowing you to pass through. Remember that using the said key will be consumed and removed from your inventory.\n\nGo through the door to find the armory, but walk up a bit, and peak to the right side, you'll find x2 Exile Soldiers sitting. There's no point if you try to sneak in since the moment you step in, they will see you and attack you. You could bait the nearest one outside so you have better space to dodge and move around, kill both enemies and then check the room to find some loot there. There are three things that you can find here from the corpses. x1 Hawk Crest Wooden Shield, x1 Misericorde, and x1 Iron Whetblade. Now, there's is a door on the right side of the armory, don't go rushing through it, walk up slowly and you'll notice another Exile Soldier holding a torch on the left side. You can sneak behind the guard to backstab it or attack it a few times, causing the enemy to fall. You've cleared out the armory, next is to go into the room where you previously heard the banging noises.\nThe Grafted Scion\n\nBefore you enter, make sure you have made preparations just in case you fail in trying to sneak in or if you decide to just fight this mini-boss. This is the Grafted Scion, a boss you previously encountered in the Tutorial section of the game. Now, you'll notice that the guardian is walking back and forth. You can get to the room that's adjacent to it if you crouch and sneak in when he walks back. But in the other room ahead, you'll find a pile of dead bodies and x2 stray Rotten Strays eating the bodies. Kill the dogs and loot the wrapped bodies to find three things here: x1 Lump of Flesh, x1 Chrysalids' Memento on top of the pile of bodies, and x1 Golden Rune (1).\nIMPORTANT NOTE: The Chrysalids' Memento can be given to Roderika to advance her quest. (However, before following these steps, it is advised that you first unlock the short-cut to the Rampart Tower site of grace. Move back into the room where the Grafted Scion was, and enter the doorway on the left (west) to reach an elevator that will bring you up to where it is located.) After unlocking said short-cut, you can now fast travel to the Stormhill Shack site of grace and give her the item, by doing so, make sure to speak to her and she'll mention that she will head to the Roundtable Hold where you can find her later on. If you return to the Hub, you can find her standing by the fireplace, if you speak to her, she will give you x1 Golden Seed as a reward. Once you have progressed her quest further (which can be easily done: at the Roundtable Hold, talk to Roderika and Hewg, always choose the dialogue options about either of them, and eventually, Hewg will agree to teaching Roderika about spirit tuning. You'll know you're done when Roderika is sitting across from Hewg). Once this is done and she has turned into a Spirit tuner, you can find a Crimson Hood where the Chrysalids' Memento was previously.\n\nNow, you can sneak around the guardian if you observe and focus on when to sneak in. The guardian will not notice you if you crouch and start to move while it has its back facing you and if you remain moving at the sides if ever he turns to walk back. There are a few things you can grab here, x1 Stanching Boluses on the right and x1 Highland Axe that can be looted off a corpse that is sitting against a wall, under the large painting at the center of the room.\nIf you still want to avoid fighting the guardian at this point, you can continue to sneak through by going through the next room on the left from the corpse you've just looted. On the other hand, if you do decide to fight this guardian, you can bait it towards the arch doorway, either one since it won't be able to go through it. Defeating the guardian yields 1176 Runes.\n\nNow, on the east side of the room, you'll see a set of stairs that goes up. An Exile Soldier is roaming the area, and in the first room that looks like an assembly room, there is a Banished Knight. There is also a door that is locked on the right side. You can sneak behind the knight to backstab it and then follow up with attacks - there's also a chance you can loot a Banished Knight's Halberd after killing the enemy.\n\nInside the same room, look to your right and head up the podium to find a chest. Inside it is a Mimic's Veil, a tool that allows you to use FP to mimic nearby objects. After grabbing the item, go through the arch doorway on the other end of the room straight into the adjacent arch doorway where another Exile Soldier is sitting against a wall. Head through the narrow hallway on the west where you'll find yourself inside a storeroom. Inside the storeroom, at the center, behind some crates, there is a Commoner corpse that you can loot to find x2 Golden Rune (2).\n\nHead outside the next section where you'll see another Exile Soldier patrolling, alongside another Banished Knight wielding a sword and shield. After defeating the enemies, simply head straight and you'll find the entrance of a chapel. Approach the altar and you'll find the Sorcerer Rogier, make sure to speak to him and he'll mention that he's looking for something and questions why you are here, at the same time, he warns you about the dangers the castle holds. Tell him then that you're purpose is to defeat Godrick and he asks if you are after the Great Rune. After speaking to him, you will be able to purchase a few Ashes of War from the sorcerer such as the Ash of War: Glintstone Pebble, Ash of War: Carian Greatsword, and Ash of War: Spinning Weapon.\n\nReturn to the room with the Grafted Scion, and enter the northwest exit. You'll then reach a room that looks like a stable but has been used as another armory/stock room. Look to the top left, and you'll see a Commoner guarding. Move to the left and there is another door that leads to the upper area. Kill the enemy and go to the opposite end of the wooden platform to find a corpse that you can loot to find x10 Arrow - now if you go straight, you'll reach the castle's courtyard that is heavily guarded by Exile Soldiers. You won't be able to sneak around here since the moment you step out, there are three Exile Soldiers on the left who will start to shoot you with their ranged weapons. You could, however, bait the ones patrolling into the stable and lessen their numbers.\nCourtyard Stock Room\n\nFrom the arch doorway exiting to the courtyard, make a hard left and you'll see a set of stairs that goes underground. You'll find a room that is guarded by three Rats, and ahead, is a doorway that is blocked by a white fog. To dispel this, you will need to use a Stonesword Key on the Imp Statue. On the other side of the door is a stock room where you'll find two treasure chests, the one on the left contains the Godslayer's Seal, while the other has the Godskin Prayerbook. And if you go straight towards the doorway, there's a body that can be looted to find a Golden Rune (4).\n\nFrom where the body is, turn right and you'll see a ladder around the corner. Climb the ladder, continue forward, along the path, there's another corpse that you can loot on the right side, behind a barrel, pillage the corpse to find some Arrows. Continue straight, turn left, straight again, and climb the second ladder where you'll encounter two Banished Knight enemies at the top. Just a few steps from the ladder is another corpse that can be looted to find x1 Festering Bloody Finger. Kill the knights and go east where you'll see a narrow bridge.\n\nUpon crossing the bridge, there are two Exile Soldiers on the left. Clear the area and you'll find another ladder that you can climb. At the top, you'll see two more Exile Soldiers and a corpse that you can loot. The body is sitting by the edge of a podium. Looting it provides x1 Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook [10] - from here, you can circle back to the courtyard to continue your exploration or you can cross the other narrow bridge in front of the podium where you just looted the cookbook, this takes you back to the Grafted Scion's room and armory.\nAn Extra Stonesword Key\n\nBefore you head to the heavily guarded courtyard, we suggest you return to the large room where the Grafted Scion was. Head up the second floor, through the assembly room where the Banished Knight is roaming, and exit through the other doorway. Here, you'll notice that you can jump over a fence that has some pile of sacks. On the other side, one Exile Soldier patrolling, and on the right side, next to the crates and barrels, is a corpse that can be looted to find x1 Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot. Go to the left side, up the stairs, around the corner and you'll find a ladder that you can climb at the end.\n\nAt the top, go straight and you'll notice that there's a wooden platform below. Drop down and kill the Exile Soldier here. Follow the path and you'll find yourself at the upper east section of the room where the Grafted Scion was. This platform has a lootable corpse and a treasure chest that is being guarded by one more Exile Soldier, kill the guard and loot the body and chest to find x1 Stonesword Key and x1 Pickled Turtle Neck - from here, jump back down to the first floor, go west, and continue towards the courtyard.\nStormveil Castle - Courtyard\n\nKilling them will have a chance to drop their equipment such as Exile Armor and Exile Greaves. Take out the ones wielding a crossbow with ranged attacks or you can rush in and melee attack them while they try to reload, and watch out for the one on the left who is operating a flamethrower. This area is swarming with Exile Soldiers so tread carefully. You can find various items here from the corpses that can be looted such as x1 Magic Grease, x1 Golden Rune (1), x2 Golden Rune (2), x1 Pike1, and x5 Smoldering Butterfly.\n\nMake sure to kill all of the Exile Soldiers here since there is an ogre-looking enemy, the Omen, at the north side of the area. Check the guardhouse on the right as well and go up to find a body that can be looted to find x1 Wooden Greatshield. You can sneak past the large enemy by moving to the side on the right and then jump onto the steps. At the midsection of the steps is a Commoner's body that you can pillage to find x1 Furlcalling Finger Remedy.\nAt this point, you'll want to rest at a Site of Grace, luckily if you look to your left from the corpse you just looted, there is a room that holds one, on the right side, however, you'll see another Warhawk enemy. As you walk towards the room with the site of grace, look ahead and you'll see a corpse sitting by the ledge. You can loot its body to find x2 Smithing Stone (1) - grab the item and head inside another armory room with the Liftside Chamber site of grace - in this room, there is also a lever that you can activate to call down the lift, riding it will take you to the upper section of the castle.\n\nIf you ride the lift, follow the path to go outside and you'll notice an open area that has an opening on the ground. Make sure to crouch and quietly sneak in since there is a Teardrop Scarab below. Killing it will drop the Ash of War: Stormcaller. After killing the scarab, go back up and look to the left side, you'll see another corpse in a sitting position that you can loot to find x8 Kukri - jump down and head towards the path ahead you'll find the Secluded Cell Site of Grace inside a small armory adjacent to it - you've also found the entrance leading to the main boss of this dungeon, which is the door that is covered with a golden fog-aura.\nClearing the Castle\n\nNow, there are still a few more things you need to discover here. Assuming you stopped to rest at the Secluded Cell site of grace, you'll notice the entrance leading to the main boss, this is your first main demigod encounter, and you're going to need some help from a certain NPC, as well as clearing the castle area first before facing Godrick the Grafted. You'll notice a Troll that's guarding the entrance, but since you went through the back, you have the advantage of attacking the enemy by surprise. You can just attack it and retreat since the Troll won't fit through the arch. But be careful since it will also shout at you, causing your character to get knocked back, and its attacks can still reach you if you're too close, kill the Troll and then another Exile Soldier, and continue outside where you'll find yourself at the main courtyard of the castle.\n\nJust outside, down the steps, look to your left and you'll see a small glowing tree without its leaves, approach it and you'll find x1 Golden Seed that you can pick up. Tread carefully now since the area is again, heavily guarded and you'll encounter enemies such as the Warhawk. If you're looking at the eagle, check the left side and you'll find a small room.\n\nHead inside and you'll find a fellow NPC warrior. Speak to her and she'll introduce herself as Nepheli Loux who is also a tarnished and a warrior, like you. You'll learn that you both have similar interests in taking out Godrick. Speak to her again and she will tell you that if you are to fight the grafted lord, to call upon her so that she may join and assist you in battle. After speaking to her a few times, check the corner of the room to find another corpse you can pillage to find x4 Smithing Stone (1) - go back outside to the courtyard as you maneuver your way through the barricades and enemies, you'll notice that you'll find yourself back at the courtyard that was heavily guarded.\n\nAt this point, you have already killed all of the Exile Soldiers, but there is still the ogre enemy known as the Omen along with the Rotten Stray enemy. You can use a site of grace nearby first before fighting the enemies so that you can use it as a checkpoint in case you die, just remember that the enemies will respawn upon resting. It's best to lure out the hound first, and then fight the ogre. The Omen wields a large cleaver, so again, maintaining a safe distance while you try to hit it with ranged magical or consumable attacks will work to your advantage. Defeating this ogre enemy yields 451 Runes and you can loot its body to acquire the Omen Cleaver.\n\nAfter defeating the enemy, on the west side, you'll find a study room that has a painting surrounded by an aura in the middle. Examine it to acquire x1 Prophecy Painting, assuming you did rest at a site of grace, head back outside to the courtyard and defeat the Exile Soldier enemies again.\nHead towards the southeast gate and make your way to the main grounds of the castle, which will lead you down near the entrance of the castle gate. Tread carefully as you make your way to the main grounds since there are Exile Soldiers stationed on the high ground who will shoot with a ballista - be ready to dash and dodge your way until you reach the main castle grounds. If you are intending to clear this area, it is recommended to start from the Castle Gate grace location and run in the front, which (if you zig and you zag) will get you a clear path right up to the ballista shooters, which will clear up the rest of the encounter. Make sure to get the guy up top with a projectile.\nMini-Boss: Lion Guardian\n\nFor some of you, this area is quite familiar, especially to those who were able to try the Network Test. This is where you'll encounter the Lion Guardian, a large, and fast beast that has a large blade attached to its paw. Do not engage the Lion initially, instead, run past, into the room with the kneeling knight statues, and beyond you will find a Site of Grace. This will allow you to engage the lion without having to fight or dash through hordes of enemies.\nWhen you return to the courtyard, tread carefully, since the Lion Guardian will jump in and start to attack you. If you want to gain a bit of advantage to deal large damage before you even aggro the mini-boss, you can crouch and sneak around the runaway, move from the left side and go around to the right, you'll see the Lion Guardian just waiting and hiding on the right side of the runway.\n\nMake sure that you are crouching and if you can sneak behind it, you can use a strong attack while it is unaware of your presence. If you retreat to the arch doorway with the room with armored statues, the beast won't be able to follow you inside, and you can exploit this tip by attacking it with long-ranged attacks. Defeating the guardian yields 1428 Runes, x1 Somber Smithing Stone (1), x1 Beast Blood, and x2 Old Fang.\n\nIn the middle, there is an arched doorway that you can enter where you'll see some armored statues. Across it, will lead you to another section of the castle where you can find the Limgrave Tower Bridge Site of Grace by the steps. If you go up the stairs, you'll notice a corpse at the top resting against a pillar on the left side. You can loot the corpse to find x1 Boltdrake Talisman. Now, go back to the castle grounds and clear out the remaining Exile Soldier enemies stationed near the castle's main gate. Tread carefully since there are guards who are operating a couple of ballistae, as well as the ones wielding a crossbow.\n\nNear the main gate, you'll find another arch doorway that has a room with a site of grace. Head to that room and next to the site of grace, you'll see a corpse with half of its body hanging by the hole on the ground. Loot it to find x1 Golden Rune (5) then examine the site of grace to discover it. There's another arch doorway ahead, and on the other side, there is a balcony where you can find another corpse that you can pillage to find x1 Commoner's Simple Garb.\nGo back inside the room and you'll notice a lever that you can interact with, have your character push it to open the castle's main gate. Head to the main gate and you'll see some corpses that you can loot to find the following items: x5 Ballista Bolt, x1 Golden Rune (2), and x1 Golden Rune (1). From here, you can now head back to the Secluded Cell Site of Grace and make further preparations before facing Godrick the Grafted.\nWhere to find the Claw Talisman\n\nIn case you miss this, there is a Talisman here that you may want to find. Fast travel to the Rampart Tower Site of Grace and make your way to the top-level towards the balcony section where there are multiple Exile Soldiers. At the balcony's entrance, on the left, you'll see one of the guards resting against a wall, near a stack of sandbags. Jump on it and walk carefully on the ledge, look to your left and jump down to the wooden platform. Jump down the other wooden platform below and as you hug the wall, you'll have to drop down onto the narrow ledge that's sticking out from the wall.\n\nFrom there, drop down onto the rooftop where you'll see a destroyed pillar. Jump on it and get on top of the narrow platform of the wall on the right side and go around it as you hug the wall until you reach an open section that has a ladder leading to the top of what seems to be a watchtower. Be careful here since it is guarded by more Exile Soldiers. There's about one resting on the right side, while three more on the left, two holding a crossbow and normal bow, while the other with a sword and shield.\n\nTake out the ones with the bow weapons first and then shift your attention towards the one with the shield. After killing the enemies, climb the ladder to find x1 Claw Talisman that can be looted off a corpse.\nFacing Godrick the Grafted\n\nNow, before going through the gold fog door, make sure to use the summon sign to summon Nepheli, provided that you've spoken to her earlier and exhausted her dialogues at her initial location. You'll need help from her since the battle is quite intense. Regardless of whether you are playing online or not, the summon sign will be available for you to use. Wait for her to be summoned and enter the boss arena.\n\nIn this arena, you'll find yourself in an open courtyard that has a high elevated platform on both ends of the arena. The area does have walls but some parts are open which can cause you to fall off and die if you aren't careful. The courtyard is covered with trees, pillars, and tombstones as well which can block your way, but these can be destroyed by Godrick's attacks. To your advantage, you can also use it as cover from his attacks. At the center, is a corpse of a dragon, which you can use to block his movements, not his attacks.\n\nIf you are utilizing spells or ranged attacks, summoning the wolves by using the Lone Wolf Ashes will help in depleting Godrick's health, as well as grabbing his attention. If you did summon Nepheli before stepping through the fog door, she can also help with small amounts of damage, but she's actually more effective by grabbing Godrick's attention as well, and surprisingly, she is a bit tanky, allowing her to at least survive until you reach the second phase of the battle. Utilize high ground and keep Godrick below you as you bombard him with magical ranged attacks. On the other hand, if you are using your melee weapons, make use of weapons that have a longer reach so you can land those attacks while maintaining a safe distance. Patience, timing, and playing defensively will work here since Godrick will be leaping into the air and executing tumbling attacks. During our playthrough, we were able to bring down his HP and enter the second phase just by bombarding him with magical attacks, of course, provided that we have our flasks upgraded and ready to use.\n\nThe second phase triggers when you've inflicted about 30-40% damage to his HP. A short cutscene will trigger where you'll see him cut off his arm, fusing it with the head of the dragon's corpse, reanimating it. During the second phase, Godrick gains additional attacks where he can now use his left dragon head arm as a flamethrower, as well as imbuing his attacks with flames. As soon as you continue the fight, move away from him or if you're positioned close to him, get behind him to avoid getting hit by the flames. If he starts to use one of his dragon breath attacks in a forward sweeping arc position, you must roll clockwise before the flames come into contact with you to avoid getting hit, since standing far away from his attacks may still reach you.\n\nLuckily, you can still use the environment around you to use as cover for the flames such as the elevated platforms and ledges, especially when he shoots flames in the air. At this point, close-quarter combat won't work here, Nepheli will probably die, so again, you'll need to focus on his attacks, keep away from him, and rely on any ranged-based attacks. You can even throw daggers or darts at him since he is somehow vulnerable yet resistant to Bleed. Depending on the situation you are in, your best shot to defeat Godrick is to use magical ranged attacks. Successfully defeating Godrick the Grafted yields x1 Godrick's Great Rune and x1 Remembrance of the Grafted, as well as 15000 Runes.\nBy receiving a Great Rune, you can use it to restore the power at Divine Towers throughout the Lands Between. You will need to check the description of each Great Rune to discover which Divine Tower you should visit. At the center of the arena is a lost site of grace that you can examine and activate.\nGodrick the Grafted's Throne Room\n\nStraight ahead, is Godrick's throne room. At the center is a large seat and there are two rooms you can check on both east and west sides. The room on the east is empty, so check the west room where you'll see a set of steps going down to the basement section. Climb down the ladder that's on the left side and you'll immediately see a spirit NPC that looks like it's praying.\n\nApproach it and you can find an item next to it, pick it up to obtain x1 Shabriri Grape. If you speak to the spirit, it will just ask where the maiden is and to take the grapes. If you turn back, you'll see a passage that goes outside, formally arriving at Liurnia of the Lakes. If you return to the Roundtable Hold, you'll find Nepheli Loux, the warrior who helped you in fighting Godrick, at the northeast side, by the library. Don't forget to speak to her so that she can give you x1 Arsenal Charm.\nUsing Godrick's Great Rune\n\nNow, if you want to use Godrick's Great Rune, you will need to fast travel to the Limgrave Tower Bridge site at Stormveil Castle. The path ahead is guarded by reanimated Colossal Statues, you can choose to fight them one at a time or just make a run for it until you reach the end where you'll find a waygate. When you reach the other end, there are some Warhawk enemies here, as well as a flock of non-hostile Eagles. Keep going straight until you reach the large door of the tower, head inside, and step on the mechanism to activate the lift.\n\nAt the top, is another site of grace you can discover, the Divine Tower of Limgrave. Continue to the top until you reach the peak where you'll find a glowing sigil at the center. Approach and interact with it to restore the power of the great rune. Godrick's Great Rune blesses the player's character by raising all attributes.\nExploring the Castle's Underground Crypt\n\nNow, you might have missed an area in Stormveil Castle, and that is an underground crypt. To find the entrance, first, fast travel to the Secluded Cell Site of Grace. Go straight through the tunnel, then turn around after walking up the sloped floor. From the wooden platform where the Kukri were, jump towards the northeast wall and land on the ledge there. Make your way to the right and jump once again to land on the windowsill.\n\nOutside, you can find a Blade Talon Eagle and a sword-wielding Banished Knight, a Lump of Flesh is on a body to the right. Make your way back up and turn left, then after exiting the short corridor, you can jump up to find a Smithing Stone (2) to your right. Turn the other way to pick up another Smithing Stone (1) and a Golden Rune (2). In the next room, there are multiple Commoners and the Manor Towershield can be found next to the stairs. Head outside to find a Smithing Stone (3), then turn left and jump down multiple ledges. At the bottom, go around the tower to find a Golden Rune (5). You have to jump onto the ledge to pick it up, so jump while standing still and press forwards in mid-air in order to land on top of it. Go inside to find 5 Rainbow Stones, then turn left to open the shortcut to the Liftside Chamber site of grace. Turn around and jump across the tiled roofs on the opposite wall. There is an Arteria Leaf inside the tower, guarded by a Giant Bat. You can snipe two more hanging bats from here or simply go down the stairs and drop to the lower platform to take them out there. Walk across the broken beam and jump the gap to find a Smithing Stone (2). There is another way to get here, if you don't want to fight the bats, but take some fall damage instead: Start from the Liftside Chamber site of grace and exit through the doorway leading to the courtyard. Make a hard right from the door and approach the corpse sitting by the ledge. You should have enough health so that you can take the damage from dropping on the platform below. Next, walk up a bit to the ledge and drop onto the beam where you found the Smithing Stone (2). To proceed, drop to the wooden platform on the right, and continue going down via the platforms on the right as well, til you're down on the ground.\n\nBelow, next to the wooden platform, there is another Commoner corpse that you can loot to find Golden Rune (2). Make sure to restore your HP or FP to be ready for the enemies ahead, a few Rats and one giant one. Kill the creatures and continue forward. Along the way, there is another corpse you can loot to find Poisonbloom. As you move to the right, you'll see a Teardrop Scarab, quickly kill it to acquire x1 Rancorcall.\nThe path from here is pretty linear and you'll find a pit that you'll need to drop down to, just make further preparations since a strong enemy will appear here. Also, if you notice there are multiple bodies in the pit that you can loot, there is a Stonesword Key among these. Take care of that later and fight the enemy first. As soon as you drop down, the creature will appear from the ground. The Ulcerated Tree Spirit is a towering, centipede-like creature that heavily features bodies composed of tree-like structures.\n\nIt is quick and very aggressive when it attacks and moves similar to a centipede. The Tree Spirit also features two large arms and it mainly uses it to swing around or to slam the ground. It can also use its tail to hit you. One of the best ways to defeat this elite enemy is to counterattack after it uses those heavy moves where it needs to recover. At some point, its HP is at 50-60%, it will start to glow and emit a blast. Be ready to move back to avoid getting hit by it. This also means all of its attacks will be imbued with the glowing power it's emitting, gaining more range and damage to your HP - take your time and be patient.\n\nOnce you've defeated this creature, you can loot the bodies and go forward where you'll see a giant face structured from roots. On the right side, there is a corpse that you can loot to find the Prince of Death's Pustule talisman. After grabbing the talisman, climb the ladder that's on the left. At the top, just drop down from the ledge and you'll find yourself back at the entrance of the Grafted Scion's room.\nWhere to find the Crucible Knight\nHead out from the Rampart Tower Site of Grace to the Warhawks and lots of fire barrels, there is a small area on the left where the second eagle comes from, walk up here and jump on top of the outer wall and look down.  There should be a ledge you can drop to, drop down and follow the ledge along to pick up a shield that does bleed damage and follow the route until you get to a ledge that is extremely high up, if the ledge does not break on its own, swing your weapon or roll and the ground should break and you will fall into a large bush below, there is a teardrop scarab here and a Crucible Knight will come to attack you, after killing him just run past him through a door and take a left back in to the castle to activate a lift shortcut that takes you back up to the Rampart Tower Site of Grace.\nSTORMVEIL CASTLE TRIVIA\nThe item descriptions for the Marred Wooden Shield and the Marred Leather Shield make note of the fact that they, along with the castle as a whole, are marred by thorns and mottling. The descriptions speculate as to the nature of this phenomenon, mentioning two possible theories: that it is the result of a curse brought about by Godrick's grafting, or that the source is more sinister and lies deep underneath the castle. When venturing into the underground passage near the Liftside Chamber Site of Grace, we find a mutated corpse implied to be that of a demigod (similar in appearance to Godwyn's body, found near the roots of the Erdtree. The Prince of Death's Pustule talisman's description and later interactions with Fia heavily suggest that it is in fact part of Godwyn's body, that spread under the land via the Erdtree roots). Rogier was injured after interacting with this corpse. Later, D, Hunter of the Dead, mentions how Rogier has been afflicted with thorns when discussing his current condition. This could mean that the thorns and mottling afflicting the castle do, indeed, come from the same demigod corpse.\n\nPrevious: Stormhill\n\nNext: Raya Lucaria Academy\n\nStormveil Castle Map\n\nMiquella's Haligtree Videos\n\nSpeed Run Walkthrough\nEntry to Cliffside\nAs soon as you reach the main gate, go in the room next to it and speak to Gatekeeper Gostoc, take the opening path on the left, and work your way through the cliffside. Go out through the opening on the left and you'll see a summoning pool on the left corner which you can activate, and on the left side of the summoning pool is a body that you can pillage to find x1 Golden Rune (1). Turn around and hug the wall on the right, you'll see there's a concrete beam on the wall that you can jump on so that you can go through the opening. You'll then immediately see another body you can loot to find x3 Ruin Fragment.\nBefore you jump down towards the castle grounds, look to your right and you'll notice that the destroyed wall is formed like steps that you can jump on to reach the high ground that's on the upper left. When you reach it, there's another body by a wall that you can loot to find x1 Smithing Stone (2). After grabbing the upgrade material, make your way to the bottom to continue towards the castle. And just before heading forward, you'll find some items to loot on the west side where there are multiple Warhawk enemies.\nCliffside to Rampart Tower\nActivate the Stormveil Cliffside Site of Grace, and when you are about to head up towards the wine cellar, grab the Marred Leather Shield from the corpse on the narrow platform. Continue inside the wine cellar and grab the Hookclaws from a corpse on the first level of the wine cellar. Be careful of the Commoner and Exile Soldier enemies here. Next, on the second level, you will see a hole in the wall that is covered in vines, jump on it and you can find a body that you can loot to find x10 St. Trina's Arrow. Head to the third floor and enter the treasure room on the right where you'll fight the Banished Knight. Defeat the enemy, make sure to loot the body since it may drop its equipment. In the same room, make sure to loot the corpse on the right side to find the Rusty Key, and inside the chest on the left is a x1 Curved Sword Talisman.\nUse the key to open the locked door on the second floor of the wine cellar and climb the ladder to reach the upper level. Make sure to check the east side to find a Fire Grease and then head towards the west side and loot a Silver-Pickled Fowl Foot from another corpse as well. Head outside and take the steps that will take you to the ground level of the Rampart Tower. In the Rampart Tower, there is another Banished Knight enemy, on the second floor you'll find a checkpoint, and on the third floor and rooftop are more Exile Soldiers. At the rooftop section, jump onto the ledge of the balcony and maneuver your way to the opposite ledge that's at the northeast. You'll eventually drop into a shaft where you'll find a Stonesword Key from a corpse.\nRampart Towers to Liftside Chamber\nJump onto the rooftops where you will fight a Warhawk, then loot the nearby corpse to find a gesture x1 Dozing Cross-Legged. From the rooftops, look down, and you'll notice that there is a door that is blocked by a white fog. Work your way to get to the bottom by using the narrow ledges and use the Stonesword Key on the imp statue to dispel the fog. Enter the armory and kill the enemies and then loot the bodies here to find x1 Hawk Crest Wooden Shield, x1 Misericorde, and x1 Iron Whetblade. In the next room is a fortress of the Grafted Scion mini-boss. Head to the room adjacent to it to find a pile of corpses and a Troll that has been cut in half, hanging. Kill the Rotten Strays and loot the wrapped bodies to find three things here: x1 Lump of Flesh, x1 Chrysalids' Memento on top of the pile of bodies, and x1 Golden Rune (1).\nSince you have the memento, fast travel back to the Stormhill Shack site of grace and give her the item, by doing so, make sure to speak to her and she'll mention that she will head to the Roundtable Hold where you can find her later on. If you return to the Hub, you can find her standing by the fireplace, if you speak to her, she will give you x1 Golden Seed as a reward. Go back to the room where the key master is roaming and sneak behind it to grab the following items: x1 Stanching Boluses on the right and x1 Highland Axe that can be looted off a corpse that is sitting against a wall, under the large painting at the center of the room.\nDefeat the Grafted Scion and go east to find a set of stairs that goes to the second floor. There are Commoner, Exile Soldier enemies here, and inside the assembly room is a Banished Knight. Inside that room, you'll find a chest on the podium containing x1 Mimic's Veil. Follow the path ahead which is somehow linear until you find yourself outside where you'll encounter another Banished Knight and an Exile Soldier patrolling. Defeat the enemies to push through and you'll find the castle's chapel where Sorcerer Rogier is. Make sure to speak to him and exhaust his dialogue. From there, go back to the room where you fought the Grafted Scion and go west heading towards the stable and the castle's heavily guarded courtyard.\nAt the courtyard, make sure to take out the Exile Soldiers here one at a time since there is a lot and most of them are using ranged weapons. In the courtyard, there are some corpses you can loot to find x1 Magic Grease, x1 Golden Rune (1), x2 Golden Rune (2), x1 Pike1, and x5 Smoldering Butterfly. At the northeast side, there is a guardhouse, go up and loot the body to find x1 Wooden Greatshield. Head back down and at the center of the courtyard, you'll notice that there is an ogre enemy known as The Omen. Killing it yields Runes and you can loot the Omen Cleaver weapon, in the position where the ogre was, look to your left and you will see a study room and a glowing painting in the middle. Examine the painting to acquire the Prophecy Painting.\nHead up the steps, and at the midsection of the steps is a Commoner's body that you can pillage to find x1 Furlcalling Finger Remedy. There is a room at the west side that holds the Liftside Chamber site of grace.\nLiftside Chamber to the Courtyard and Godrick\nCall the elevator and ride it inside the same room where the site of grace is and follow the linear path. Make sure to crouch and quietly sneak in since there is a Teardrop Scarab below. Killing it will drop the Ash of War: Stormcaller. After killing the scarab, go back up and look to the left side, you'll see another corpse in a sitting position that you can loot to find x8 Kukri - jump down and head towards the path ahead you'll find the Secluded Cell Site of Grace inside a small armory adjacent to it - you've also found the entrance leading to the main boss of this dungeon, which is the door that is covered with a golden fog-aura.\nFrom the Secluded Cell checkpoint, you'll need to work your way through the courtyard to reach the main castle grounds which are heavily guarded, since there are a few more things to discover. Where the Troll is guarding the area near the Secluded Cell checkpoint, you can find a glowing branch tree to find x1 Golden Seed. There is a room nearby as well where you can find Nepheli. Make sure to speak to her and exhaust her dialogue so she can mention to summon her for aid before fighting Godrick the Grafted. Continue making your way to the main castle grounds and defeat the Exile Soldiers, and the mini-boss, the Lion Guardian.\nFrom where you fought the Lion Guardian, at the middle, there is an arched doorway that you can enter where you'll see some armored statues. Across it, will lead you to another section of the castle where you can find the Limgrave Tower Bridge Site of Grace by the steps. If you go up the stairs, you'll notice a corpse at the top resting against a pillar on the left side. You can loot the corpse to find x1 Boltdrake Talisman. Now, go back to the castle grounds and clear out the remaining Exile Soldiers stationed near the castle's main gate. Tread carefully since there are guards operating a couple of ballistae, as well as the ones wielding a crossbow.\nHead to the guardhouse near the main gate, activate the site of grace inside it, loot the body to find x1 Golden Rune (5) then examine the site of grace to discover it. There's another arch doorway ahead, and on the other side, there is a balcony where you can find another corpse that you can pillage to find x1 Commoner's Simple Garb. Go back inside the room and you'll notice a lever that you can interact with, have your character push it to open the castle's main gate. Head to the main gate and you'll see some corpses that you can loot to find the following items: x5 Ballista Bolt, x1 Golden Rune (2), and x1 Golden Rune (1). From here, you can now head back to the Secluded Cell Site of Grace and make further preparations before facing Godrick the Grafted and make sure to use the summoning sign near the entrance of the boss arena to summon Nepheli.\nAfter Godrick\nDefeating Godrick yields x1 Godrick's Great Rune and x1 Remembrance of the Grafted, as well as 15000 Runes. After the battle, make sure to check the throne room ahead and go to the west side, head to the lower section and you'll immediately see a spirit NPC that looks like it's praying. Approach it and you can find an item next to it, pick it up to obtain x1 Shabriri Grape. If you turn back, you'll see a passage that goes outside, formally arriving at Liurnia of the Lakes. If you return to the Roundtable Hold, you'll find Nepheli Loux, the warrior who helped you in fighting Godrick, at the northeast side, by the library. Don't forget to speak to her so that she can give you x1 Arsenal Charm.\nNow, if you want to use Godrick's Great Rune, you will need to fast travel to the Limgrave Tower Bridge site at Stormveil Castle. Work your way through the reanimated Colossal Statues, interact with the waygate portal and continue forward to reach the Divine Tower of Limgrave. Continue to the top until you reach the peak where you'll find a glowing sigil at the center. Approach and interact with it to restore the power of the great rune. Godrick's Great Rune blesses the player's character by raising all attributes.\n\nLegacy Dungeons\n\nCrumbling Farum Azula  ♦  Elphael Brace of the Haligtree  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital (Legacy Dungeon)  ♦  Miquella's Haligtree  ♦  Raya Lucaria Academy  ♦  Volcano Manor\n\n

QUESTION
Where can you find the Claw Talisman in Stormveil Castle?

ANSWER
You can find the Claw Talisman in Stormveil Castle near the Rampart Tower by climbing the ladder in the room adjacent to the Liftside Chamber site of grace.
