CONTEXT
\n\n Redmane Castle \n\nA small castle that is heavily guarded at the castle's outskirts by Radahn Knights and Soldiers. The Redmane Castle serves as the gathering point for warriors alike who are wanting to participate in the Radahn Festival.\n\nRedmane Castle  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Redmane Castle  is found in Caelid. It can be reached by crossing the bridge in-front of the "Impassable Greatbridge" site of grace. Follow the path upwards to the castle gate. Circle behind the castle using the path on the right hand side. After disposing of some enemies, there is a gap that you must jump across, it is recommended to use your mount for this section. There will be a small series of stairs leading to a shortcut, a door that can be opened only from the other side. To access the castle itself, you must climb up the ladder near said shortcut.\n\nRedmane Castle Map\nRedmane Castle is found in the southeast portion of Caelid. [Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Redmane Castle\n\nBlaidd\nAlexander\nWitch-Hunter Jerren - Castle Crier. Speak to him to initiate the festival\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Redmane Castle\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nx4 Old Fang\nMiquella's Lily\nx1 Arteria Leaf\nx2 Beast Blood\nx1 Golden Rune [6]\nx8 Smoldering Butterfly\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nx2 Smithing Stone [4]\nx1 Smithing Stone [5]\nx2 Smithing Stone [6]\nx2 Somber Smithing Stone [4]\nx1 Somber Smithing Stone [5]\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nFlamberge (On ramparts)\nRuins Greatsword  \n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nPolite Bow Gesture\nArmorer's Cookbook [4]\nArmorer's Cookbook [5]\nRed-Hot Whetblade\nAsh of War: Flaming Strike (On cliff approach, dropped by Teardrop Scarab)\n\nElden Ring Redmane Castle Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGiant Bat\nCommoner\nRotten Stray\nSkeletal Slime\nRedmane Knight\nRadahn Soldier\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nLion Misbegotten Warrior & Crucible Knight (same arena)\nx2 Lion Guardian\nStarscourge Radahn\n\nRadahn Festival\nRedmane Castle has two states. At the start of the game, it will be populated with enemies, all rooms will be reachable, and the final plaza will contain the Misbegotten Warrior & Crucible Knight boss fight. However, at some point during the game you will trigger the Radahn Festival which will change the state of the castle considerably. There are three ways to trigger this:\n\nActivating any Altus Plateau Site of Grace (The Sites of Grace within Volcano Manor don't count, so in order to activate the festival from the Raya Lucaria teleport you must defeat either the Abductor Virgins or Rykard).\nInforming Blaidd about Radahn in Siofra River (This requires Ranni's questline).\nTalking to Iji about Jerren (This also requires Ranni's questline).\n\nOnce the festival is active, all the soldiers in the castle and its surroundings will vanish, the waygate from the Impassable Greatbridge site of grace to the Chamber Outside the Plaza site of grace will activate, a number of doors will be locked, and the plaza will contain a number of NPCs preparing to partake in the Radahn Festival, including Blaidd and Alexander. Finger Maiden Thorelina will give you the Polite Bow gesture if you speak with her. Talking to Jerren in the plaza will allow you to battle Starscourge Radahn. Once Radahn is defeated and you speak to Jerren inside the chapel beyond the plaza (and then rest at a site of grace), the Radahn Festival will end and the castle will return to its original state.\nRedmane Castle Walkthrough (Radahn Festival)\nThis walkthrough describes how to traverse the castle during the Radahn Festival. There are additional items, including the Red-Hot Whetblade, available when the festival is not taking place.\nThe fastest way to reach Redmane Castle is by using the waygate teleporter found on the watchtower of Fort Gael [Map Coordinates]. When you arrive, you'll find yourself outside the fortified outskirts of the castle. Work your way around the cliffs via southwest since the main gate is locked. By the cliffs, you should see a makeshift tower used to store weapons. Climb down two ladders and you'll find a corpse that can be pillaged to acquire x1 Smithing Stone [6]. Climb back up both ladders and continue along the cliffs of the castle.\nAlong the path of the cliffs, you'll encounter Giant Bat enemies. Keep moving southeast as you reach the top and around the castle where you'll come across a field full of tombstones and large tree without its leaves. You'll encounter a few enemies here such as more Giant Bats and a Poisonous Bat by the tree, but more importantly, a Teardrop Scarab, hiding between some tombstones on the left. Make sure to quickly kill the Teardrop Scarab to obtain x1 Ash of War: Flaming Strike - make sure to check behind the tree to find x1 Miquella's Lily and x8 Smoldering Butterfly that is looted off a corpse that is sitting against a tombstone.\nFrom here, use the ladder to climb to the top, you don't need to take the stairs since the door at the top is locked and can only be opened from the other side. At the top of the ladder, make a left and simply follow the path of the rooftop section until you reach another ladder on the west that you'll need to climb down. At the bottom, you'll first encounter a Zombie Dog roaming. Kill it and enter the stable-like room on the left where you'll see multiple Commoner enemies resting (most of them will not attack you unless you do). Inside that room you can loot two corpses to find x5 Armorer's Cookbook [5] and x1 Smithing Stone [5]. Don't forget to unlock the door here to open the shortcut leading back to the open field with tombstones.\nGo back outside, turn left and you'll see another arch doorway. Inside that room, there is a single Page. You can kill it to acquire some Runes but there isn't anything inside and the door here is locked. Use the bricks and rubble to jump over a low part of the wall and down into the clearing below.\nUpon landing, look to your left to find a guardhouse. Go up the stairs and check behind the wooden crates to find x1 Golden Rune [6] that is looted off a corpse. Go back down and head east first towards the entrance of the plaza, there are two Lion Guardian enemies at the north section leading to the main gate that we can ignore for now. Midway up the steps, you'll see a waygate teleporter. Walk past it, and continue through the courtyard past the wooden stakes and go inside the room on the right to find the Chamber Outside the Plaza Site of Grace. After discovering the site, go back outside and check the west section. Go up the stairs to another rooftop where you can find a corpse sitting against some wooden crates. Loot it to find x1 Smithing Stone [4].\nGo back down towards the west part of the castle where you'll see a hangman's gallows. You'll notice that you are on high ground and you can attack the two Lion Guardian enemies below that are roaming around the castle's main gate. Killing both of the enemies rewards you with Runes along with x2 Somber Smithing Stone [4], x2 Beast Blood, x4 Old Fang. Jump down once the area is clear and loot a corpse that's on a pile of dead bodies and skeletons to find x1 Smithing Stone [4]. \nCheck the tree near the gate to find x1 Arteria Leaf and a one Skeletal Slime enemy. Most of the buildings here with the doors are locked, so check the area near the south corner to find a glowing Teardrop Scarab, which will refill your flask if needed. If you haven't discovered the Imapssable Greatbridge site, head back to the waygate teleporter that you passed before, and use it to transport yourself past the heavily-guarded greatbridge, near the Impassable Greatbridge site [Map Coordinates] - after touching the grace, use the waygate to transport back to the castle's plaza.\nFrom the waygate, head north through the doorway, past the site of grace, and enter the plaza where you'll encounter the NPCs gathered for the Radahn Festival. Talk to Therolina to get the Polite Bow gesture, then go north, up the stairs, then towards the right where you'll see a large sculpture of a chalice. There's a body on the left side of it - loot it to find x1 Somber Smithing Stone [5]. When you are ready to start the festival, turn back in the direction you just came from and speak to Jerren on the right side of the stairs. A cutscene will trigger.\nAfter the cutscene, run up the stairs opposite the crier and enter the chapel where you can loot a body for x1 Smithing Stone [6]. Leave the chapel via the eastern door, and you'll see a lift. Ride it down and at the bottom you'll find a waygate teleporter and a Stake of Marika next to it. The waygate teleporter will transport you to the boss arena at Wailing Dunes, where you will fight Starscourge Radahn.\nPost-Festival\nThis brief section assumes you have completed the festival and have spoken to Jerren to restore the castle to its original state. Only a few notable items will be mentioned.\nFrom the Chamber Outside the Plaza Site of Grace, you can go to the right, which leads to the Misbegotten Warrior & Crucible Knight boss fight. The Misbegotten Warrior will drop the Ruins Greatsword once both bosses are defeated. Going to the left will lead to a group of flamethrower soldiers facing away from you. The one furthest to your right is guarding a pathway. Beyond him is a set of stairs leading to a group of enemies with little else of note.\nTo the right of the stairs is a path towards an open door in a tower. Follow this path and an Iron Virgin wielding both a sickle and a sawblade will clock you; you can fight it or simply sprint to the open door. Inside the tower is a single Radahn Knight and a corpse containing the Red-Hot Whetblade.Ascending the tower stairs will place you on the ramparts. Follow the trail of enemies that ends with a Redmane Knight. The knight is protecting a chest containing a Smithing Stone [6].\nDouble back to the entrance of the tower you climbed and exit. Drop down into the lower courtyard (the Lion Guardians are only present during the festival) and head towards an open door in the tower to the left of the entrance gate. A corpse in the back left contains the Armorer's Cookbook [4].\nReturn to the Chamber Outside the Plaza Site of Grace and then go towards the flamethrower soldiers again. Continue on past the enemies and in the direction of the Redmane Castle Waygate. To the left will be a set of stairs leading up to an open door. Inside is a ladder. At the top is a Pumpkin Head guarding a corpse with the Flamberge.\nElden Ring Redmane Castle Gallery and Notes\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
Where is the nearest waygate teleporter to Redmane Castle and how can it be accessed?

ANSWER
Fort Gael has the nearest waygate teleporter to Redmane Castle, accessed by using the waygate teleporter found on the watchtower within the fort.
