CONTEXT
\nCrumbling Farum Azula is a Legacy Dungeon in Elden Ring. Crumbling Farum Azula may also be considered a very small region, which can be reached through the Site of Grace at the Forge of the Giants in Mountaintops of the Giants, either by talking to Melina or listening to the flame, depending on your prior decisions in the game.\nA smaller portion of the area can be reached through one of the waygates in The Four Belfries. In this part, you can find the Pearldrake Talisman on a corpse after dropping down a few ledges.\n\nGeneral Information\n\nPrevious: Leyndell, Royal Capital\nNext: Miquella's Haligtree\nRecommended Levels: 100+\nBosses: Dragonlord Placidusax, Godskin Duo, Maliketh, the Black Blade\nSites of Grace:\n\nBeside the Great Bridge [Map Link]\nCrumbling Beast Grave Depths [Map Link]\nCrumbling Beast Grave [Map Link]\nDragon Temple [Map Link]\nDragon Temple Altar [Map Link]\nDragon Temple Lift [Map Link]\nDragon Temple Rooftop [Map Link]\nDragon Temple Transept [Map Link]\nDragonlord Placidusax [Map Link]\nMaliketh, the Black Blade [Map Link]\nTempest-Facing Balcony [Map Link]\n\nCrumbling Farum Azula Walkthrough Video\n\nCrumbling Farum Azula Maps\n\nTop Level\n\nUpper Level\n\nMiddle Level\n\n1st Lower Level\n\n2nd Lower Level\n\nBottom Level\n\nNPCs in the area\n\nIron Fist Alexander (final part of his questline)\n\nBosses\n\nDragonlord Placidusax\nGodskin Duo\nMaliketh, the Black Blade\n\nItems\nTalismans\n\nBoltdrake Talisman +2\nDragoncrest Shield Talisman +2\nOld Lord's Talisman\nPearldrake Talisman\n\nConsumables\n\nGolden Arrow\nGolden Rune (9)\nGolden Rune (10)\nGolden Rune (11)\nGolden Rune (12)\nLightningproof Dried Liver\nLightning Greatbolt\nLightning Grease\nDragonwound Grease\nHero's Rune (2)\nRejuvenating Boluses\nRune Arc\nHero's Rune (5)\n\nWeapons & Shields\n\nDragon Towershield\n\nArmor\n\nDrake Knight Set\n\nSpells\n\nAncient Dragon Prayerbook\nGolden Lightning Fortification\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSomber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone\nAncient Dragon Smithing Stone\nSomber Smithing Stone (9)\nSomber Smithing Stone (8)\nSomber Smithing Stone (7)\nSmithing Stone (8)\nSmithing Stone (7)\nSmithing Stone (6)\nGravel Stone\nGolden Seed\nGreat Grave Glovewort x2\n\nEnemy Drops\n\nBeast Champion Set (Recusant Bernahl)\n\nBeast Champion Helm\nBeast Champion Armor\nBeast Champion Gauntlets\nBeast Champion Greaves\n\nBlasphemous Claw (Recusant Bernahl)\nDevourer's Scepter (Recusant Bernahl)\nMalformed Dragon Set (Draconic Tree Sentinel)\n\nMalformed Dragon Helm\nMalformed Dragon Armor\nMalformed Dragon Gauntlets\nMalformed Dragon Greaves\n\nRemembrance of the Black Blade (Maliketh, the Black Blade)\nRemembrance of the Dragonlord (Dragonlord Placidusax)\n\nKeys & Other\n\nAncient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (4)\nAsh of War: Black Flame Tornado\nAzula Beastman Ashes\nFulgurbloom\nGlovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3)\nNascent Butterfly\nOld Fang\nSmithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)\nSomberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)\nSomberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (5)\nStonesword Key\n\nEnemies\n\nAzula Beastman\nBanished Knight\nCrucible Knight\nDraconic Tree Sentinel\nFarum Azula Dragon\nLesser Crucible Knight\nLesser Wormface\nRecusant Bernahl\nRotten Stray\nSkeleton\nWarhawk\n\nNotes\n\nNotes go here\n\nFull Crumbling Farum Azula Walkthrough\n\n    Click \n   here to go to the Speedrun Walkthrough. \n\nGetting to Crumbling Farum Azula\nOnce you commit to "the cardinal sin" by talking to Melina from the Site of Grace found at the Forge of the Giants, your character falls asleep during a cinematic and then wakes up in Crumbling Farum Azula. Alternatively, if you've interacted with the Three Fingers, Melina does not help you get there. Instead, while resting at the Forge of the Giants Site of Grace, select the 'Listen to the sound of the flames' option and a different cutscene will play, but take to you to the same spot in Crumbling Farum Azula.\n\nCrumbling Beast Grave\n\nCrumbling Farum Azula is mazelike, consisting of multiple branching paths, each with different loot. Following the introductory cutscene, the player will wake up at the south bridge of  Crumbling Farum Azula. The path to follow is linear for now. At the end of the bridge, you'll find a Smithing Stone (8). Continue down the ruins to your right and pick up the Golden Rune (9) on the way. Keep following the path and you'll get to a platform overlooking several Azula Beastmen. Engage them one at a time from stealth, or lure them with ranged attacks to avoid being overwhelmed by their high-damage attacks. Defeat the Azula Beastmen in this area to pick up three Old Fangs from the corpse here. Head inside the building, where you'll find more Azula Beastmen and a Lightningproof Dried Liver. Before continuing, enter the first doorway to the left and activate the Crumbling Beast Grave Site of Grace, which then enables quick-travel to the rest of the map.\n\nHead back through the hallway and you'll emerge back outside. You will encounter the first Farum Azula Dragon at the large curved bridge right in front of you. The dragon takes some time to land and perform its first attack, leaving enough time to run past it and collect the Smithing Stone (6), Smithing Stone (8), and Dragonwound Grease if you'd rather not fight it. Defeating the dragon awards an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone, and Spirit Ashes are available for this fight. Head up through the archways to your left at the end of the bridge, making sure to pick up the Smithing Stone (8), then continue forward to reach the Crumbling Beast Grave Depths Site of Grace.\n\nIn the room ahead are two Azula Beastmen and a Smithing Stone (7). Head through the northwestern hallway, and you'll find a three-way split. To the left is a dead-end and straight ahead is a large hall. The right path takes you to an upper ledge that has two Azula Beastmen on the way, but eventually circles back to the hall ahead. Laying on the stairs right ahead of you is a corpse with fourteen Lightning Greatbolts. Continue straight and out the doorway you see ahead of you to get to an outdoor balcony with a Golden Rune (12) on a corpse dangling off of the left side.\nBacktrack to the room that had two Beastmen right after the site of grace, and go onto the balcony of this room. On the right side of the balcony, you can hop onto the roof and enter back into the building on a higher level. On the left side of the room are three Gravel Stones on an altar. You can find a Smithing Stone (6) on a corpse in the middle of the room, and in the far end you'll find a Great Grave Glovewort on an altar guarded by an Azula Beastman Mage flanked by two melee Beastmen. Head back into the hall and down the main stairs, where you'll find more Azula Beastmen and the Ancient Dragon Prayerbook. Immediately out the door to the northeast is the Temple-Facing Balcony Site of Grace and the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4).\n\nBefore continuing forward, head back into the building and out the southwestern door. To the right of the stairs going down is a corpse hidden by pots holding a Hero's Rune (2). Hop onto the elevator by the base of the stairs and you'll be taken down to lower exterior levels of Crumbling Farum Azula. Immediately down the slope a Lesser Wormface will ambush you from the left. You can lure it out or avoid the ambush entirely by dropping from the ledge above behind it. then continue down the left-most path going upwards when the path splits. Here you'll find a corpse with four Fulgurbloom guarded by another Lesser Wormface.\n\nContinue forward and you'll emerge at a lake with three Lesser Wormface. Take care as one of them is much larger and more dangerous than the others. Ranged combat is viable from the stair-like cliffs as the enemy will easily get stuck on trees and will have a more difficult time spitting blight upwards. If you head down the slope to the east of the lake, you'll find five Gravel Stones on a corpse hidden in a corner of the outside of the ruins here. Back at the lake, you'll find the Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3) in the gazebo at the far end of the lake. The Lesser Wormface here are distracted and you can easily sneak past them while grabbing the Smithing Stone (8) and Rejuvenating Boluses from the corpses beside them.\n\nHead back up the slope you came from at the side of the mountain, and you'll find a ladder at the side of the arch ruins guarded by another Lesser Wormface. Head up the ladder to find a Lesser Wormface keeping watch over a corpse with a Smithing Stone (8). Head back down the ladder and turn left, going through the arches. On your way back up, you'll find several more Lesser Wormface and a Somber Smithing Stone (9). Continue from here to circle back to the lift from the balcony.\nFacing the lift now, look to the left and a side path leading to a large circular platform with an item is visible. Jump from rock to rock avoiding the sloped rock on the right to get to the larger platform, but be aware that a Farum Azula Dragon will engage you after a brief delay. The corpse on the far edge holds a Smithing Stone (8), which can be grabbed quickly before the dragon attacks. Defeating the dragon only awards runes, so you may choose to fight it here or attempt to disengage. Follow the same path back, again avoiding the sloped rock that is now on the left, then take the lift back up and return to the Tempest-Facing Balcony Site of Grace through the doorway to the northeast.\n\nDragon Temple\n\nFrom the Site of Grace, you will be able to see a Farum Azula Dragon in the far distance. Though you may not be able to reach it at this time, it will breathe fire towards you while you jump to the platform under it. However, if you've advanced Iron Fist Alexander's questline to its final step, he will be standing on the building instead of the Dragon.\nHead down the floating rocks and ruins west, where you'll get to a makeshift bridge occupied by Skeletons. The skeletons here in Crumbling Farum Azula look to have similar features and wield the same weapons as Azula Beastmen but have the same respawn mechanic as regular in-game skeletons. At the top of this first large chunk of ruin, you'll find a Golden Rune (9) on a corpse behind one of the pillars. Continue jumping across the floating ruins north, being sure to pick up the Somber Smithing Stone (7) and fourteen Golden Arrows, and jump into the hole in the corner of the next large chunk of ruin, right beside where you land.\nDown the hole, to the southwest is a corpse with a Golden Rune (10). Head forwards to the northeast and before going through the first doorway to your left, go through the second one for an item protected by a Skeleton. At the end of the hallway through the first doorway, you'll emerge out onto a balcony. Turn left, scale the ruins up, and then head up the ladder you find at the end. On the altar up ahead is another  Great Grave Glovewort. Three skeletal beastmen spawn after you pick it up. When you're done dealing with them, head out of the room and look down to your left to find a safe path back down to the large chunk of ruin with the hole you went down earlier. Following the path, pick up three Gravel Stones and a Somber Smithing Stone (9) on the way, and you'll eventually find the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.\nFrom this Site of Grace, turn around back towards the ruins you came from and look down. There are floating stair ruins that you can jump down. At the base of these stairs, turn back around again and jump down to the lowest platform here. On the left is a corpse with a Rune Arc on it. If you head into the building and turn right at the corner, you'll find the Azula Beastman Ashes right ahead on an altar, guarded by several Banished Knights. Look to the right of the altar with the ashes and pass through the doorway to find a corpse with a Somber Smithing Stone (9). Head back into the building and jump off onto the lower ruin to the east. Here, you'll find the Dragon Temple Transept Site of Grace. Don't head into the room to your left yet - that's a boss fight we'll come back to. After you're done with all that, teleport back to the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.\n\nThis next area is the Dragon Temple. After heading into the building, turn left and head to the edge of the ruin to find a Golden Rune (11). Head back the other way to find a Smithing Stone (6). Continue down the stairs and further into the temple. When you get to the hallway, turn right, and before going down the stairs, head left to another hallway. Following this path takes you outside, where you'll find a Stonesword Key by the edge of a cliff. Head up the stairs here, being careful of the enemy right by the doorway, and head into the temple ruin to find two Dragonwound Grease at the far end. From the ledge this corpse is on, you can safely jump down to the stone steps. Head to the top to find a Golden Rune (12), then head back down to enter the main hall of the temple.\n\nMiniboss: Godskin Duo\n\nThe main hall is an arena to fight the Godskin Duo and you must defeat them to be able to advance in Crumbling Farum Azula. If you had taken the stairs down in the first hallway earlier, you would've also ended up in this room. Being one of many duo bosses, this boss can be difficult to track and defeat solo. Make sure to use the pillars of the arena to your advantage and try to focus fire on one of them. As of Patch 1.03, Bernahl can be summoned to aid you, making this fight less frustrating. His summon sign can be found in front of either of the boss room entrances.\nAfter defeating them, you will be rewarded with 170,000 Runes, the Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4), and the Ash of War: Black Flame Tornado. Interact with the Dragon Temple Altar Site of Site of Grace that spawns after their defeat and now we can move forward.\n\nCompleting the dungeon\n\nHead out the northeastern door and jump down to the lower platform. Take the way to the left, heading down the stairs westward, and you'll find a Golden Rune (11) guarded by a Rotten Stray. To your left are some ruined windows. Before jumping through them, you should defeat the enemies if you have a ranged build as they can swarm and overwhelm you easily. On the corpse here are five Old Fangs, and if you check behind the ruin walls, you'll also find a Hero's Runes (5).\n\nContinue heading north through the ruins and at the very end, ignore the doorway to your right for now and emerge back outside, noting a staircase to your right. Head forward to find a Smithing Stone (7) behind a fallen pillar, then turn left and follow the outer wall of the ruin to find five Lightning Grease. Backtrack back to the staircase and head up them. There's not much besides a Azula Beastman down the right hallway, however, if you head straight ahead, you'll find a Somber Smithing Stone (9) and an imp statue. You can use a Stonesword Key to gain access to an elevator that takes you to the Dragon Temple Lift Site of Grace. The area up here is quite large and completely optional, but you'll find some interesting loot.\n\nAt the top of the lift, turn left to get to a courtyard full of Skeletons. In the middle of the courtyard is a fountain with a Lord's Rune in it. Head down the stairs going east by the side of the cliff on the left side of the courtyard. The corpse at the base of the tree here has two Nascent Butterflies. Continue forward, hopping up rocks positioned like stairs, and you'll get to another Skeleton-infested area. Be careful while moving/fighting near the nearby tree as the skeletons hanging off of it will drop down and attack you. If you've got ranged abilities, you can target and hit them while they are still hung up on the tree.\n\nMove forwards towards the south, and head up the stairs to the elevated platform. On the east side of the platform is a corpse by the edge of the cliff that has a Smithing Stone (8). Head westward next to find a Rune Arc and a Golden Seed close to each other. Continue southwest, down the slope, and you'll find a Teardrop Scarab that drops the Golden Lightning Fortification Incantation. On the same cliff, you'll find a sleeping Farum Azula Dragon, which you can sneak towards to grab a Smithing Stone (8). If awaken, the dragon will breath fire and flies off. It is, however, possible to kill this dragon (12682 HP) to get about 21600 runes and 3 Gravel Stones after resetting the area by visiting a grace site. \n\nBacktrack back up the slope towards where you found the Golden Seed & Rune Arc and at the top, turn hard left. There is a series of collapsed archways and crumbled tower pieces stretching to the west to traverse. Platform over the tower pieces and you'll reach a large open area. If you've reached the end of his questline this is where you face Iron Fist Alexander in his final duel. Defeating Alexander here gets you Shard of Alexander and Alexander's Innards. Otherwise, this is where you can kill the fire-breathing Farum Azula Dragon from earlier.\nContinue ascending the floating rubble, and pick up the Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (4) inside an enclosed area at the end. Two large undead beastmen are hiding here - one in the shadows around the outside of the tower, and one in pieces on the ground behind a block of rubble. They will attack you when you pick up the cookbook, so it is better to take out the one behind the tower first, then goad the second one into attacking before defeating it in single combat.\n\nOnce you've got the cookbook, look north of the collapsed building it was in for another platform you can jump down to, containing a corpse with a Somber Smithing Stone (8). From there, you can drop down to another floating platform just below it for a Smithing Stone (8). From there, fast travel back to the Dragon Temple Lift Site of Grace and head down the elevator. Turn right towards the east, walk through the archway, then turn right again towards the south. You will be able to see a column that is floating diagonally, close enough for you to jump on and climb up. Up here, you'll find an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone guarded by a Farum Azula Beastman and Rotten Stray. From here, there's a way back to the Godskin Duo boss arena if you look down towards the northeast and jump down to the floating platform below you. There's nothing of value on the way, however, so simply backtrack down the stairs and we'll go back to the doorway we ignored earlier.\n\nAt the bottom of the stairs, turn left to enter back into the ruins and left again to go through the doorway. Continue forward, jumping down the ruins here, where you'll be able to pick up the Dragoncrest Shield Talisman (+2) hidden behind and a Golden Rune (12). Keep following the path and you'll get to an open area where you will meet a Crucible Knight, like the one you can find in Limgrave. \n\nAfter you've defeated it, the Crucible Knight won't respawn. Your next course of action is to head southeast. There are two choices to take - you can simply jump over the banister of the balcony overlooking the Dragon Temple Rooftop Site of Grace ahead, or you can jump to the floating rock on the right, which requires a very tight jump, where you'll be rewarded with a Smithing Stone (8). If you can't take on the Crucible Knight in a straight fight, you can make the save jump straight to the Site of Grace and then pick it off from afar.\n\nOnce you go down, you will encounter a seemingly harmless Eagle laying on the floor near an open elevator shaft. Beware, however, of another eagle waiting to ambush you inside the round tower at your left. The corpse here has a Smithing Stone (6) on it.\n(Optional side path to Drake Knight Set): Go down the ladder to the south and immediately turn left to find a floating platform behind the corner, hop on it and then jump down to a circular lift area. Run around it to the other end to find Drake Knight Set in a chest. Then take the elevator up to encounter an Azula Beastman across the small bridge. Loot the Lightning Greatbolt here and safely drop back down to grace.\nAfter going back to the ladder where you encountered two eagles, looking to the south, you'll see a hostile pale Dragon casting red lightning bolts all over the rooftops. Keep in mind that before hitting the ground, bright red flames mark the areas the lightning is about to strike. By staying away from these flames, you can avoid being hit by these attacks.\nDescend by using the ladder in front of you, or by jumping down from the roof on your right, and keep moving ahead in direction of the Dragon. On the way, you'll come across another couple of large Eagles. Using long-range attacks, like magic or archery, is a good strategy here, as there seem to be certain spots where the lightning won't land. As you approach the Dragon, you'll notice it is in quite low health. You can defeat the Dragon the normal way or cause it to flee by landing a few good hits or by backtracking a short distance. In its place eight Fulgurblooms and a Golden Rune (12) at his position, and the gazebo behind it holds a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.\n(Optional side path to Boltdrake Talisman +2 & Dragon Towershield): Left of the gazebo, in the eastward direction, if you look down, you'll see platforms down below. Keep dropping down and then drop down to another platform by the right side, next to the building. Drop below, left again to find a doorway. Enter it and to your left, you'll fight through a Banished Knight. Continue to find an Eagle and a ladder. Be careful as you ascend the ladder as there is another knight with a spear patrolling above and another soldier with two swords standing on the left. The Dragon Towershield can be found in the chest directly left from the ladder. Right across the ladder, there is an elevator. Take it up to find a path going west which takes you into the building right below the birds that you fought earlier on your way to the Dragon. Enter this set of ruins and you should encounter a Crucible Knight fighting Beastmen. If you are quick enough, you can run past them and take the ladder up at the end, otherwise, you can choose to defeat the Crucible Knight. After ascending the ladder, to your right, you can finally pick up Boltdrake Talisman +2 from the corpse. Drop down to find yourself back at the area with Eagles where the Dragon was using his lightning and make your way back to the Dragon's location where this side path started.\n\nNext, head southwest and fight through a total of five Beastmen. Cross north to the other side by using the fallen structure as a bridge (mind the Beastman with thrown axes on the other side), and focus on the next building to your right. You can see a Beastman that's standing over a corpse with the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing [5]. Take care when you approach, as on your right there is a Beastman with a greataxe and on the left is a Beastman that can cast lightning. Take out the Beastman you can see from range, step in and lure out the greataxe Beastman, but bear in mind that the caster Beastman can call down lightning from behind the walls.\nOnce you've dealt with or escaped from the foes, move forward through the stairs located to the right of the chapel's altar. The path will take you to an elevator, after which, you'll reach the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace. Moving further up the stairs you will then reach the Great Bridge. You'll be situated now at the middle of the bridge, and facing the choice to either go right (South) or left (North). The Bossfight takes place at the coliseum-like structure located upwards, so if you want to enter the last stage of your journey at Crumbling Farum Azula you can head this way. Please note that there is also another optional boss fight (Dragonlord Placidusax) that can be accessed by going back down the elevator from Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace. If you'd like to fight the boss now, click here. However, this section of the guide will first cover what lies at your left, that is, heading north.\n\nThis route takes you directly to the Dragon Temple, and the path is as straightforward as it gets. After descending through a set of stairs and heading through the door you'll reach a terrace. You'll find the ladder to move forward located on your right. But first turn left, as you'll find a corpse holding a Somber Smithing Stone [8]. There are numerous Beastman corpses here, but a few are merely resting. They will not attack you unless damaged first. If you still wish to kill them, use lock-on to identify the living from the dead. Once that's taken care of, you may resume the previous route and head south for the ladder you encountered when arriving at this terrace.\n\nNow, the next area after going down the ladder is a bridge leading you to one of the towers. Inside, you will find a coffer guarded by three Beastmen, but upon reaching the tower you are invaded by Recusant Bernahl, previously known as Knight Bernahl. You don't want to take them all at once, so your best bet is to defeat the invader first.\n\nRecusant Bernahl wields a Devourer's Scepter Warhammer and his fight style consists mostly of melee attacks. However, the skill on his weapon, Devourer of Worlds, allows him to charge it with magic and strike it against the ground to steal your HPs. Once defeated, Recusant Bernahl drops the entire Beast Champion Set as well as the Devourer's Scepter Warhammer and x1 Blasphemous Claw.\nOnce the area is cleared, you may loot the coffer inside the rounded tower. This chest contains the Old Lord's Talisman, which extends the duration of effects caused by sorceries and incantations. Now that this area has been exhausted, return to the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace to refill your health and flasks, and go back onto the Great Bridge and head for the boss fight.\n\nBefore you take on the boss of this area, there is a Draconic Tree Sentinel that will intercept you when attempting to reach the gates. Be aware of his devastating downward Mace attack, and try to avoid it by sticking close on his left side. Upon losing 50% of his life bar, he enters phase 2 and calls down powerful red lightning to course through his Mace. His attacks become more violent and gain the ability to summon a small controlled storm around him, similar to the dragon you came across earlier. It is recommended once he starts sparkling to fall back until the lightning has cleared away.\nFighting this Sentinel is duly compensated as it rewards you with the Malformed Dragon Set. Head up towards the fog door, grabbing the Somber Smithing Stone (7) on the way.\nNOTE: Upon defeating the following boss, much of Leyndell, Royal Capital will become unavailable, as will many of the weapons, items, spells, and armor located there. Plan to collect any items you want from Leyndell before completing the fight, in particular the legendary armament the Bolt of Gransax.\nBeast Clergyman/Maliketh, the Black Blade\nOnce you've reached the coliseum-shaped structure, you'll begin fighting Beast Clergyman. His attacks mainly consist of close-range swipes and various rock throws. Since his quicker and more deadly attacks are done in melee range, magic and ranged users will have an easier time dealing with him as they can fight back while keeping their distance. Melee users should look for opportunities where the Beast Clergyman is vulnerable before committing to any attacks. One such attack that is safer to punish is one of the rock throws where he plunges his knife into the ground. You can find more details and strategies on his boss page.\nAfter taking the Beast Clergyman's HP to about half, it will reveal itself to be Maliketh, The Black Blade. Maliketh has a different skill set than the Beast Clergyman but has the same 'quick and hard to punish' characteristic. If you've finished Bernahl's questline and have defeated Recusant Bernahl, be sure to make use of the Blasphemous Claw that he drops. You can use the item to counter Maliketh's attacks that make his weapon briefly glow yellow. You can find more details and strategies on his boss page and the Blasphemous Claw page.\nAfter you have defeated Maliketh, you will be teleported to the Leyndell, Capital of Ash Site of Grace. After activating that grace you can teleport back to Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace and return to the boss fight arena to touch Maliketh, the Black Blade Site of Grace if you wish to do so. However, the main point of focus here is to go to the optional boss fight.\n\nDragonlord Placidusax\nTo find Dragonlord Placidusax, head back down the lift from the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace. Leave the temple down the curbed stairwell and through the shallow water room with red lightning enemies.  When you exit the building, head straight ahead towards the cliff's edge and slightly to the left. If you look down, you'll find some floating platforms you can jump down to. Follow the path down to get to a large empty chunk of ruin. Find the arch on the ground without bones, and you'll get prompted to lie down. When you do so, a cutscene will play and you'll get teleported to the boss arena. Dragonlord Placidusax is not a very nimble boss, but many of his attacks have large areas of effect that can be difficult to dodge out of if you've animation locked yourself. At about 50% health, it gains access to a divebomb-like attack. It's relatively easy to track, but do be careful of its large hitbox.\nUpon defeat, this boss drops 280,000 Runes and the Remembrance of the Dragonlord. Interact with the Dragonlord Placidusax Site of Grace that spawns here, and you're done with the area.\nIf you have Miquella's Needle and have come into contact with the Three Fingers, you can use the Needle while in the arena to cure yourself of the Fingers' influence. You do not need to defeat Placidusax; you just need to be in its arena to do this.\n\nPrevious: Leyndell, Royal Capital\n\nNext: Miquella's Haligtree\n\nCrumbling Farum Azula Maps\n\nTop Level\n\nUpper Level\n\nMiddle Level\n\n1st Lower Level\n\n2nd Lower Level\n\nBottom Level\n\nCrumbling Farum Azula Videos\n\nSpeed Run Walkthrough\nInteract with Melina at the Forge of the Giants Site of Grace to teleport to Crumbling Farum Azula. If you've interacted with the Three Fingers, you have to select the 'Listen to the sound of the flames' option at the Site of Grace instead to teleport here. Cross the bridge, and at the end, you'll find a Smithing Stone (8). Turn right and follow the path down. When you get inside the building, head into the first doorway to your left to interact with the Crumbling Beast Grave Site of Grace.\nAt the end of the hallway, you'll be back outside and will see a makeshift bridge in front of you. When you get to about halfway through, a Farum Azula Dragon swoops down to try to attack you. It takes a while for it to attack you, however, and you can easily run past it to get to the Crumbling Beast Grave Depths Site of Grace on the other side. On your way here, you can pick up a Smithing Stone (6) and Smithing Stone (8).\nIn the next room, you'll find a Smithing Stone (7) on one of the altars. Head through the northwestern hallway, ignoring the left and right splits, and go straight ahead to reach a large hall. Turn right and head down the main stairway to find the Ancient Dragon Prayerbook on the floor. Immediately out the door to the northeast is the Temple-Facing Balcony Site of Grace and the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4). If you want some extra loot, including the Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3), two Smithing Stone (8), and a Somber Smithing Stone (9), head back into the building and out the southwestern door. You'll find a lift taking you down to an area infested with Lesser Wormface. The path here circles 'round back to the lift, so there are no worries about getting lost just yet. Once you're done, head back to the Temple-Facing Balcony Site of Grace.\nHead down the floating rocks and ruins west, where you'll get to a large floating ruin chunk occupied by skeletal Azula Beastmen. Grab the Somber Smithing Stone (7) here, then jump down north to the next large ruin chunk. Jump down into the hole in the corner of this chunk (should be to your right when you land on it) and go through the first doorway to your left. Follow the path, head up the ladder when you get to it, then you'll find a Great Grave Glovewort on the altar ahead. Head out of the room and look down to your left to find a safe path back down to the large chunk of ruin with the hole you went down earlier. Continue north, picking up a Somber Smithing Stone (9) on the way, and you'll eventually find the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.\nFrom this Site of Grace, if you turn back around from where you came from, you'll see a set of stairs you can jump down to. At the base of these stairs, turn around again and head into the building to grab the Azula Beastman Ashes. Turn left from this altar and jump down the ledge to activate the Dragon Temple Transept Site of Grace. When that's done, teleport back to the Dragon Temple Site of Grace.\nHead through the temple's doorway, then turn right. You'll find a Smithing Stone (6) at the end. Turn left and head down the stairs, then take a right again when you get to the hallway. Before going down the steps, turn left into another hallway to find a Stonesword Key. Backtrack back to the stairs and head down to get to the main hall, or go to the Dragon Temple Transept Grace and ascend the stairs to the same hall. Regardless of your entry route, you'll fight the Godskin Duo in this large room, and upon their defeat will receive the Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4) and the Ash of War: Black Flame Tornado. The Dragon Temple Altar Site of Grace spawns here too.\nThe way forward is out the northeastern door. Jump down to the lower platform in front of you, then head left down the stairs. When you emerge back outside, head through the ruined windows to your left. Jump down the ruins to the north and take note of the doorway on your right at the end of the hallway. Back outside, check behind the pillar in front of you for a Smithing Stone (7) then head up the stairs to your right.\nAt the top of the stairs, turn left and you'll find a column that is floating diagonally, close enough for you to jump on and climb up. Up here, you'll find an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone guarded by a Rotten Stray. Back track back to the top of the stairs and head west, where there will be a Somber Smithing Stone (9) and imp statue in the area. The imp statue here locks off a large, but completely optional area. If you unlock it, you can take the lift behind it to the Dragon Temple Lift Site of Grace. Explore the area and you'll be able to find valuable loot such as a Rune Arc, Golden Seed, the Golden Lightning Fortification incantation, Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (4), and various Smithing Stones.\nWhen you're done with that area, head back down the stairs and back to the doorway, you took a note of earlier. Continue forward, jumping down the ruins here, where you'll be able to pick up the Dragoncrest Shield Talisman (+2) hidden within the ruins. Keep following the path and you'll get to an open area where you will meet a Crucible Knight. Once you defeat it, it will not respawn again.\nYou'll want to head southwest next. There are two viable ways to get to the Site of Grace you see ahead. One is by simply jumping over the banister of the balcony, and the other is by doing a tricky jump onto the floating ruins where you'll find an item. Once you've interacted with the Dragon Temple Rooftop Site of Grace, jump down the roofs and you'll find a Smithing Stone (6). Go down the ladder in front of you and if you look to the left, you'll find a floating platform behind the corner that you can jump to. Follow the path here to get the Drake Knight Set and you'll be able to circle back to the Dragon Temple Rooftop Site of Grace.\nHead back down the ladder and head south towards the Farum Azula Dragon. You'll find a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone in the gazebo behind it. To the left of the gazebo, you'll see platforms down and to the east. If you follow this path, you'll be able to find the Boltdrake Talisman (+2) & Dragon Towershield and from here, you will eventually circle back to the rooftops. Head back to where the dragon was sitting and head southwest.\nGo up the slope then turn right, crossing the ruins here going north. You'll find a temple to your right with the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (5). Be careful in this temple as you will get ambushed by two strong Azula Beastmen. On the south side of the temple, you'll find a path and an elevator taking you to the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace.\nFrom here there are multiple options to take. To go and fight Dragonlord Placidusax, head back down the elevator and exit the temple. Head straight ahead towards the edge of the cliff, and if you look down, you'll find some floating platforms you can jump down to. Follow the path down and in the arch on the ground without bones, you'll get prompted to lie down. A cutscene will play, after which you'll find yourself in the boss' arena. Defeat it for the Remembrance of the Dragonlord and interact with the Site of Grace hereafter it spawns.\nTeleport back to the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace. Follow the stairs up and you'll get to a large crumbling bridge. For even more loot, head north down the bridge. Head into the building and when you emerge back out, turn left to find a Somber Smithing Stone (8). On the right of the doorway is a ladder you can descend. If you've completed Bernahl's questline and defeated Rykard, Recusant Bernahl will invade you when you reach about halfway across the bridge here. Defeat him for a Blasphemous Claw, the Devourer's Scepter, and the Beast Champion Set. In the building ahead, you'll find a chest with the Old Lord's Talisman guarded by multiple Azula Beastmen.\nAfter you're done with that area, teleport back to the Beside the Great Bridge Site of Grace and back to the bridge. Head south, going up the bridge this time and you'll encounter a Draconic Tree Sentinel. You can choose to run past this enemy, however defeating it nets you the Malformed Dragon Set. Continue up the bridge, collecting the Somber Smithing Stone (7), and head through the fog door.\nYou'll start by fighting the Beast Clergyman. Once you get him down to 50% health, a cutscene will play and he'll transform into Maliketh, the Black Blade. On his defeat, you'll be given the Remembrance of the Black Blade and get teleported back to Leyndell, now in a different state. If you head back to Maliketh's boss area, you can interact with the Maliketh, the Black Blade Site of Grace.\n\nGallery\n\nLegacy Dungeons\n\nElphael Brace of the Haligtree  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital (Legacy Dungeon)  ♦  Miquella's Haligtree  ♦  Raya Lucaria Academy  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  Volcano Manor\n\n

QUESTION
What strategies should be used to defeat the Godskin Duo boss in Crumbling Farum Azula?

ANSWER
Utilize the pillars in the arena for cover, focus fire on one boss at a time, and consider summoning Bernahl for assistance to defeat the Godskin Duo boss in Crumbling Farum Azula.
