CONTEXT
\n\n Nokstella, Eternal City \n\nThe ruins of a once grand city, now infested with enemies.\n\nNokstella, Eternal City is a Location in Elden Ring. The Nokstella, Eternal City is located in Ainsel River Main and encompasses most of its western areas. You can reach this area by taking the river west from northern Uhl Palace Ruins. \nThe northern section of the Ainsel River - Ainsel River Main and Nokstella - can be accessed by using a waygate at the top of Renna's Rise. You have to have given Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade to gain access to this waygate. You can also access it without her quest by taking the coffin in Deeproot Depths [Elden Ring Map].\n\nNokstella, Eternal City Map\n\nNo Map Fragments: Nokstella, Eternal City shares a map with Ainsel River.\n[Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Nokstella, Eternal City\n\nNo NPCs in this location\nNo merchants in this location\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Nokstella, Eternal City\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nNascent Butterfly\nSilver Firefly\nSilver Tear Husk\nSerpent Arrow\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGhost Glovewort (7)\nGhost Glovewort (8)\nGreat Ghost Glovewort\nSmithing Stone (6)\nSomber Smithing Stone (6)\nSomber Smithing Stone (7)\nGolden Seed\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nAnt's Skull Plate\nMoon of Nokstella\nNox Monk Set\nNox Swordstress Set\nNight Maiden Set\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nArcher Ashes\nCelestial Dew\nGhost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2)\nNightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets\nStonesword Key\n\nElden Ring Nokstella, Eternal City Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGiant Ant\nSilver Tear\nSilver Sphere\nSerpent Snail\nNox Monk\nNox Swordstress\nNight Maiden\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nNo bosses in this area\n\nNokstella, Eternal City Walkthrough\nFrom the Site of Grace, there is Magic Grease x3 in the ruins directly to the left. On the right, you will find a Nox Swordstress riding a Giant Ant, and Ghost Glovewort (7). In the ruin ahead there are two Nox Monks, a Smithing Stone (6), and Drawstring Holy Grease x2. You can go to the right around the larger building ahead to pick up Silver Tear Husk x3. Going straight ahead, there are 3 Serpent Snails guarding a Celestial Dew in an alcove to the right. Further down the path, more Serpent Snails await you, four of them drop down onto you when you loot the Smithing Stone (6). To your left are many Silver Tears, some of them will explode into lightning upon death, along with another Giant Ant-riding Nox Swordstress. There are also some tears up on a ledge to the right which will shoot at you. Try taking one of the tears out from range to trigger a chain reaction. There is a Golden Rune (10) on the right side of the river, a Ghost Glovewort (8) on either side. Consider fighting the remaining tears before picking these up, however. Some of them have shields.\nContinuing on the right you will find 3 Giant Ants and a Stonesword Key. Take out the remaining Nox Swordstress riders and tears, then pick up another Ghost Glovewort (8). In the far right corner, there are two plated ants which you can simply ignore. The ruin on the left contains a Celestial Dew. Quickly go down the elevator to activate the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace, then go back up. The remainder of this walkthrough is dedicated to picking up items, including a Golden Seed at the end. To start, go to a ruin on the left side earlier which contains a Somber Smithing Stone (7) and many tears. There is a single Golden Centipede in another room. Go further back and up the stairs to fight a Nox Swordstress guarding a chest with Ghost Glovewort (9). At this point, you can go back to the first site of grace, or spend some of the upgrade materials.\nNext, head up the main stairs where a Night Maiden awaits you, along with Fan Daggers on a corpse. Turn left to fight yet another Nox Swordstress who guards a chest containing the Ant's Skull Plate. Note that the chest is not in the center but off to the right. After fighting the tears further up the stairs, head around the building on the left to find the Archer Ashes. Inside the building, more tears await you, a chest contains the Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2). Now heading right, pick up two Golden Rune (10). Go around the building on the left again and use a Stonesword Key to find two Nox Monks and a chest with the Nightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets Ashes inside.\nNow, upon crossing the bridge, a giant Silver Sphere will roll at you. Try sprinting to the right next to the building ahead, the Silver Sphere will get stuck. You will see particle effects once it attacks, then you have a short window to attack for yourself. In the building, there is another Silver Sphere on the ceiling, so try to take it out with ranged attacks from outside. Each Silver Sphere drops a Larval Tear, the chest inside contains a Great Ghost Glovewort. There is a Golden Rune (10) on the bridge and another one on the stairs. Turn right past the stairs and pick up a Smithing Stone (6).\nThe building on the left contains another Silver Sphere that drips many different types of Silver Tears before dropping itself, and a chest with a Somber Smithing Stone (7). The Silver Sphere drops a Larval Tear upon defeat. On the stairs to the left from here is a Teardrop Scarab carrying a Somber Smithing Stone (6). The building is occupied by two Silver Tears that transform into humans, and a Nox Swordstress. It also contains a chest with the Moon of Nokstella. Leaving the chest alcove, exit to the right of the room, drop down some ledges and take the elevator down to pick up a Golden Seed. You are done now and can warp to the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace. Select the option "Talk to Ranni" while resting there, if you want to follow her questline.\nThere is a Ghost Glovewort (9) to to the left of the elevator you came down with, then go through the tunnel. There are three Basilisks here, as well as a Smithing Stone (4) and (5). Defeating the Baleful Shadow here grants you the Discarded Palace Key to be used in the Raya Lucaria Grand Library. Go inside, take the elevator down and touch the Lake of Rot Shoreside Site of Grace. You are now done with Nokstella, see Lake of Rot for details on how to get through there.\n\nElden Ring Nokstella, Eternal City Gallery and Notes\n\nThe electrified Silver Tears will explode shortly after they die, which will kill other Silver Tears nearby, and can cause a chain reaction in large groups.\n\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What creatures and enemies can be encountered in Nokstella, Eternal City?

ANSWER
Giant Ant, Silver Tear, Silver Sphere, Serpent Snail, Nox Monk, Nox Swordstress, Night Maiden.
