CONTEXT
\n\n Spiritspring \n\nJump while on horseback near a spiritspring to ride its current high into the air. You won't take damage from jumping into a spiritspring while on horseback, even from a great height.\n\nSpiritsprings in Elden Ring are a part of the traveling mechanics that assist players to traverse the map while mounted on Torrent. They appear as visible columns of air in various Locations and are placed to allow players to reach higher ground areas such as cliffsides, ramparts, and platforms that would have been harder to reach or would otherwise be inaccessible. When mounted on e, jumping or running inside a Spiritspring will launch you high in the air and will eliminate fall damage upon landing. This page is a guide that lists all the known locations of each Spiritspring and will indicate each of their locations on the map. \n\nWhat are Spiritsprings in Eldenring?\nSpiritsprings are large gusts of wind that shoot upward and appear throughout the map in Elden Ring. They aid with vertical travel and allow players to reach higher areas of the map. Multiple Spiritsprings may be found in one location in order to continuously use them to travel upwards. Using this would also eliminate fall damage, so you can safely double-jump as well. Jumping from a high place into or through a spiritspring will also protect you from any fall damage. So likewise, players can use these Spiritsprings to safely land on lowerground areas without taking damage.  Use these Spiritsprings to safely reach different depths and  locations or cliff areas that may also hold valuable loot. \n\nHow to use Elden Ring Spiritsprings\nWhile on horseback, players can simply run or walk into these gusts of wind and they will automatically be lifted upwards. In order for this to work, players must be mounted on Torrent. Unmounted players will not be affected by the Spiritspring. \n\nSpiritspring Locations\nLimgrave\n\nSouth of Seaside Ruins site of grace. Can be used to jump down to the shore safely to get the Ash of War: Gravitas and Haligdrake Talisman.  Elden Ring Map Link.\nFringefolk Hero's Grave: Behind Fringefollk Hero's grave on the lower beaches. Elden Ring Map Link. \nNorth Bridge of Sacrifice. Used to exit the Canyon. Elden Ring Map Link. \nSouth Forlorn Hound Evergaol toward the cliffside. Can be used to descend down the cliffside to obtain a Large Club and Arteria Leaf. Elden Ring Map Link.  \nWaypoint Ruins: East of Waypoint Ruins. Elden Ring Map Link. \nMurkwater Coast Site of Grace Elden Ring Map Link. \nMurkwater Catacomb Cliffside. West of the Catacomb entrance. North of Agheel Lake North site of grace.  Can be used to bypass the Gateway. Elden Ring Map Link. \nStormhill Saintsbridge. At the bridge, close to the Saintsbridge Site of Grace, go down to the riverbank. Elden Ring Map Link. \nSummonwater Village: On the lower cliff east of Summonwater Village. Elden Ring Map Link\nSummonwater Village: On the middle cliff east of Summonwater Village. Elden Ring Map Link\nSummonwater Village: On the upper cliff east of Summonwater Village. Elden Ring Map Link \n\nWeeping Peninsula\n\nCastle Morne: West of Castle Morne Rampart site of grace, below Oridys's Rise. Can be used to get the Great Turtle Shell. Elden Ring Map Link\nMinor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula): East Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  Elden Ring Map Link\nDemi-Human Forest Ruins: South of Demi-Human Forest Ruins. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nLiurnia of the Lakes\n\nMalefactor's Evergaol: Northwest of Liurnia Lake Shore Site of Grace. Can be used to jump up to Malefactor's Evergaol & can be used to get up and down from the main east road. Elden Ring Map Link\nNext to Liurnia Highway South Site of Grace. Elden Ring Map Link\nHighway Lookout Tower: Next to the Gate Town Bridge Site of Grace. North East of Highway Lookout Tower. Elden Ring Map Link\nHighway Lookout Tower: Just over the cliffs towards the southwest. Elden Ring Map Link\nRingleader's Evergaol: Directly Southeast Ringleader's Evergaol. Elden Ring Map Link\nRaya Lucaria Academy: Down the cliffs next to East Raya Lucaria Gate Site of Grace. Across the Bridge from main gate of Raya Lucaria Academy. Elden Ring Map Link\nFrenzy-Flaming Tower: Down the cliffs directly north of the Frenzy-Flaming Tower. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nAltus Plateau\n\nPerfumer's Grotto: West Perfumer's Grotto Entrance. Elden Ring Map Link\nAt the drop off south of the Road of Iniquity Side Path Site of Grace where the collapsed bridge is. Elden Ring Map Link\n Below the Bridge of Iniquity towards the south. Elden Ring Map Link\nMirage Rise: Atlus Plateau Clifftop. Above the Mirage Rise towards the northwest. Elden Ring Map Link\nMirage Rise:Towards the cliffs behind Mirage Rise. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nCapital Outskirts\n\nLeyndell, Royal Capital: Northwest of the capital, below the main bridge at the moat surrounding the capital. Can be used to jump up to Outer Wall Battleground.  Elden Ring Map Link\nLeyndell, Royal Capital: Eastern side of the Capital, towards the cliffs where the Capital Rampart Site of Grace is.  Elden Ring Map Link\n\nMt. Gelmir\n\nImmediately west of Ninth Mt. Gelmir Campsite site of grace. Can be used to get to Full-Grown Fallingstar Beast's boss arena. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nCaelid\n\nSellia Hideaway: West of Sellia Hideaway entrance / North of Church of the Plague. Can be used to jump up to Dragonbarrow. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nDragonbarrow\n\nLenne's Rise: Immediately south of Lenne's Rise. Elden Ring Map Link \nMinor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow): Immediately southwest of Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow). Can be used to travel between minor erdtree and Fort Faroth. Can be used to jump down the cliff in the southeast to get to the solution of Redmane Painting. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nMountaintops of the Giants\n\nShack of the Lofty: At the waterfall, south of Shack of the Lofty. Can be used to get to Hermit Merchant Mountaintops of the Giants and Stargazers' Ruins. Elden Ring Map Link\nLord Contender's Evergaol: The cliffside directly east of Lord Contender's Evergaol. Elden Ring Map Link\nChurch of Repose: Behind the Church of Repose towards the south. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nUnderground\n\nDeeproot Depths (West): Found towards the west corner of Deeproot Depths. Grants access to a platform atop the building to obtain a Stonesword Key. Elden Ring Map Link\nDeeproot Depths: Mid- Deeproot Depths by the waterfall. Elden Ring Map Link\n\nElden Ring Spiritsprings Tips & Tricks\n\nSpiritsprings guide, tips & tricks\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
Why are Spiritsprings in Elden Ring important for players to utilize in their traversal of the map?

ANSWER
Spiritsprings in Elden Ring are important for players to utilize in their traversal of the map because they aid with vertical travel, allowing access to higher locations, and eliminate fall damage, ensuring safe exploration and access to valuable loot.
