CONTEXT
\n\n Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum \n\nA large mausoleum nestled in the western cliffs of Mohgwyn Palace.\n\nMohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum is a Location in Elden Ring. The Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum is found in Mohgwyn Palace, on the western side. Players can reach this location by riding north through the blood marsh and then turning left to find the steps leading up to the mausoleum.\n\nMohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum Map\n\nSee the Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum's location on the Elden Ring Map here.\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum\n\nImprisoned Merchant - Found near the entrance by keeping to the left in the tunnels.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nNumen's Rune\nBeast Blood\nStanching Boluses\nDewkissed Herba\nBloodrose\nGolden Rune (13)\nLord's Rune\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSmithing Stone (7)\nSmithing Stone (8)\nGhost Glovewort (9)\nGreat Ghost Glovewort\nSomber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nMohg's Great Rune (Mohg, Lord of Blood drop)\nRemembrance of the Blood Lord (Mohg, Lord of Blood drop)\nStonesword Key\n\nElden Ring Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nAlbinauric\nPutrid Corpse\nSanguine Noble\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nMohg, Lord of Blood\n\nMohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum Walkthrough\nThere will be a site of grace upon entry. As you progress through the area you'll come across some Putrid Corpse enemies that you can clear to ignore since there will be a  large hoard of them.  Within the grassy areas there will be some collectable items. Once you climb the stairs to the open area with more corpses, there will be Numen's Rune in the body to your left hanging off the edge. \nOn the wall side cliff (right) from the main path, there will be a body just in front of a pile of crooked stone tablets. This will contain Smithing Stone (7). Continue ascending the path and clear the Blood Mass in your way. You'll obtain Beast Blood and Stanching Boluses.\nWhen you reach the area where a number of putrid corpses have their hands raised, loot the boulder on the corner towards the cliff edge to obtain a Stonesword Key.\nMake your way into the indoor area of the Mausoleum. You'll be facing a Sanguine Noble. Clear him and continue to encounter the Imprisoned Merchant. There are several Sanguine Noble throughout. Approach the large, tall pillar in the center of the Mausoleum to obtain the Lord's Rune. Smithing Stone (8) and Ghost Glovewort (9) can also be looted off corpses and corners when you continue. \nOnce you exit, there is a pathway that leads to the Dynasty Mausoleum Midpoint site of grace. In the tunnel before this site of grace is a red sign to invade White Mask Varré's world. This suggested to be done before defeating Mohg. Then, you can make your way towards the line of pillars. Just over it, jump over to the narrow cliff edge to loot the Golden Rune (13). \nIf you come across a small flight of stairs that lead up to a statue surrounded by Albinaurics  and a Sanguine Noble, loot the chest at the base of the large figure to obtain Somber Ancient dragon Smithing Stone. Before ascending the lift, make sure you sit at the Site of Grace on this level. It will be north of the statue. Then walk to the platform perpendicular to the state to take the lift to the next section. Crossing the fog wall, you will trigger a cutscene before you face Mohg, Lord of Blood.Defeat him to gain:\n\nMohg's Great Rune\nRemembrance of the Blood Lord \n\nElden Ring Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can players reach the Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players can reach the Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum by riding north through the blood marsh and then turning left to find the steps leading up to the mausoleum.
