CONTEXT
\n\n Seedbed Curse \n\nType\nKey Item\n\nEffect \n\n        Curse grown on a body defiled by the Dung Eater. \n\nSeedbed Curse is a Key Item in Elden Ring. Seedbed Curse Curse grown on a body defiled by a Dung Eater. They are used in the Dung Eater's questline in which five must be given to him to complete.\n\nCurse grown on a corpse killed and defiled by the Dung Eater. A tender pox afflicted with omen horns. \nThe Dung Eater cultivates the seedbed curse on corpses.\nBy doing so he prevents dead souls returning to the Erdtree, leaving them forever cursed. One of the most loathsome things found in the Lands Between.\n\nWhere to find Seedbed Curse in Elden Ring\n\nLeyndell Royal Capital: After you exit the room with East Capital Rampart grace, continue south past the Oracle Envoys and into the building. Inside, head down the stairs and face west to take the elevator. After the elevator continue west into the next building. Climb up the ladder to your right and go up the stairs. On the highest floor you will find the Seedbed Curse on a corpse sitting in a chair. [Map Link]\nLeyndell Royal Capital: In the alternate version of Roundtable Hold located near the Fortified Manor grace, inside the equivalent of the Dung Eater's room. You will find it on a body that is strapped to a chair. [Map Link] Video Location\nLeyndell Royal Capital: On the body of the Blackguard at the end of his questline, in the outer moat near the Capital Ramparts grace, where the Dung Eater invades. If you did not do Blackguard's quest before Dung Eater's invasion, you will not be able to receive this particular Curse and you will need to provide the other five to Dung Eater instead.\nVolcano Manor: From Temple of Eiglay, proceed until you reach the teleporter to Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy, then go back into the building and up the stairs to find a fog door that requires a Stonesword Key. Carefully drop down in the dark room using the hanging cages. The item will be on a body that is sitting on a chair guarded by enemies. To the opposite side of the room there's a path leading back to the door in the Volcano Manor lobby that can now be opened. [Map Link]\nElphael, Brace of the Haligtree: From the Prayer Room Grace, head forwards until the end of stairs with two crossbowman above you. Jump on to the arch to the right and hop on to the platform to the left with the Crimson Teardrop Scarab. To the left should be a room with a Cleanrot Knight and a chest containing Cleanrot Knight Finlay Ashes. Hop onto the arch to the north-west and follow it up to a balcony. Follow the balcony to its end and the item will be found on a body sitting in a chair above the ballistae and the Putrid Avatar. [Map Link] Video Location\nElphael, Brace of the Haligtree: From the Prayer Room grace, keep heading forwards, going down every staircase you come across. Drop down and head towards the room with two Cleanrot Knights inside but instead of entering, jump over the railing to the right and drop down one level. Turn around, enter the dark room right under the railing and you will find it on a body that is sitting in a chair. Video Location\n\nAlternate Seedbed Curse: If  the Erdtree has been set ablaze, the Seedbed Curse in the alternate Roundtable Hold can be found in a different location, on a corpse underneath a wooden shack protected by a gargoyle found outside of the alternate Roundtable Hold.\n\nElden Ring Seedbed Curse Use\nThe Seedbed Curse is used as part of the Dung Eater's questline which can be started by talking to him at Roundtable Hold while holding at least one Seedbed Curse. Upon interaction all seedbed curses in possession will be used. See the Dung Eater's article for more info.\n\nElden Ring Seedbed Curse Notes & Tips\n\nNotes & Tips go here.\n\nElden Ring Key Items\n\nAbandoned Merchant's Bell Bearing  ♦  Academy Glintstone Key  ♦  Academy Scroll  ♦  Alexander's Innards  ♦  Amber Draught  ♦  Amber Starlight  ♦  Ancestral Infant's Head  ♦  Ancient Dragon Prayerbook  ♦  Asimi's Husk  ♦  Asimi, Silver Tear  ♦  Assassin's Prayerbook  ♦  Beast Eye  ♦  Bernahl's Bell Bearing  ♦  Black Knifeprint  ♦  Black Whetblade  ♦  Blackguard's Bell Bearing  ♦  Bone Peddler's Bell Bearing  ♦  Burial Crow's Letter  ♦  Carian Inverted Statue  ♦  Celestial Dew  ♦  Chrysalids' Memento  ♦  Conspectus Scroll  ♦  Corhyn's Bell Bearing  ♦  Cracked Pot  ♦  Crafting Kit  ♦  Cursemark of Death  ♦  D's Bell Bearing  ♦  Dancer's Castanets  ♦  Dark Moon Ring  ♦  Deathroot  ♦  Dectus Medallion (Left)  ♦  Dectus Medallion (Right)  ♦  Discarded Palace Key  ♦  Dragon Cult Prayerbook  ♦  Dragon Heart  ♦  Drawing-Room Key  ♦  Erdtree Codex  ♦  Faith-knot Crystal Tear  ♦  Fingerprint Grape  ♦  Fingerslayer Blade  ♦  Fire Monks' Prayerbook  ♦  Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (1)  ♦  Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2)  ♦  Ghost-Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3)  ♦  Giant's Prayerbook  ♦  Glintstone Whetblade  ♦  Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (1)  ♦  Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (2)  ♦  Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (3)  ♦  Godrick's Great Rune  ♦  Godskin Prayerbook  ♦  Gold Sewing Needle  ♦  Golden Order Principia  ♦  Golden Tailoring Tools  ♦  Gostoc's Bell Bearing  ♦  Gowry's Bell Bearing  ♦  Gravity Stone Peddler's Bell Bearing  ♦  Great Rune of the Unborn  ♦  Greenspill Crystal Tear  ♦  Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left)  ♦  Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right)  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing (1)  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing (2)  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Bell Bearing (3)  ♦  Holy-Shrouding Cracked Tear  ♦  Host's Trick-Mirror  ♦  Iji's Bell Bearing  ♦  Iji's Confession  ♦  Imbued Sword Key  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant's Bell Bearing  ♦  Irina's Letter  ♦  Iron Whetblade  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing (1)  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Bell Bearing (2)  ♦  Kale's Bell Bearing  ♦  Lantern  ♦  Larval Tear  ♦  Leaden Hardtear  ♦  Lightning-Shrouding Cracked Tear  ♦  Lord of Blood's Favor  ♦  Lost Ashes of War  ♦  Lucent Baldachin's Blessing  ♦  Magic-Shrouding Cracked Tear  ♦  Map (Ainsel River)  ♦  Map (Caelid)  ♦  Map (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Map (Deeproot Depths)  ♦  Map (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Map (Lake of Rot)  ♦  Map (Leyndell, Royal Capital)  ♦  Map (Limgrave, East)  ♦  Map (Limgrave, West)  ♦  Map (Liurnia, East)  ♦  Map (Liurnia, North)  ♦  Map (Liurnia, West)  ♦  Map (Mohgwyn Palace)  ♦  Map (Mountaintops of The Giants, East)  ♦  Map (Mountaintops of The Giants, West)  ♦  Map (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Map (Siofra River)  ♦  Map (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Map: Liurnia, North  ♦  Meat Peddler's Bell Bearing  ♦  Medicine Peddler's Bell Bearing  ♦  Meeting Place Map  ♦  Memory of Grace  ♦  Memory Stone  ♦  Mimic's Veil  ♦  Miniature Ranni  ♦  Mirage Riddle  ♦  Miriel's Bell Bearing  ♦  Mohg's Great Rune  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (1)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (10)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (11)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (2)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (3)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (4)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (5)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (6)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (7)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (8)  ♦  Nomadic Merchant's Bell Bearing (9)  ♦  Note (Flask of Wondrous Physick)  ♦  Note (Land Squirts)  ♦  Note (Stonedigger Trolls)  ♦  Note (Waypoint Ruins)  ♦  Patches' Bell Bearing  ♦  Perfume Bottle  ♦  Pidia's Bell Bearing  ♦  Prattling Pate Apologies  ♦  Prattling Pate Hello  ♦  Prattling Pate Thank you  ♦  Radahn's Great Rune  ♦  Red-Hot Whetblade  ♦  Ritual Pot  ♦  Rogier's Bell Bearing  ♦  Rold Medallion  ♦  Royal House Scroll  ♦  Ruptured Crystal Tear  ♦  Rusty Key  ♦  Rya's Necklace  ♦  Sanctified Whetblade  ♦  Sellen's Bell Bearing  ♦  Sellen's Primal Glintstone  ♦  Sellian Sealbreaker  ♦  Seluvis's Bell Bearing  ♦  Seluvis's Introduction  ♦  Seluvis's Potion  ♦  Serpent's Amnion  ♦  Sewer-Gaol Key  ♦  Sewing Needle  ♦  Shabriri Grape  ♦  Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (1)  ♦  Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (2)  ♦  Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (3)  ♦  Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)  ♦  Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (1)  ♦  Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (2)  ♦  Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (3)  ♦  Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (4)  ♦  Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (5)  ♦  Spectral Steed Whistle  ♦  Spirit Calling Bell  ♦  Stonesword Key  ♦  Tailoring Tools  ♦  Talisman Pouch  ♦  Telescope  ♦  The Stormhawk King  ♦  Thops's Bell Bearing  ♦  Tonic of Forgetfulness  ♦  Torch  ♦  Twiggy Cracked Tear  ♦  Two Fingers' Prayerbook  ♦  Two Fingers Prayerbook  ♦  Unalloyed Gold Needle  ♦  Valkyrie's Prosthesis  ♦  Volcano Manor Invitation  ♦  Weathered Dagger  ♦  Whetstone Knife  ♦  Winged Crystal Tear\n\n

QUESTION
How is the Seedbed Curse utilized in the Dung Eater's questline in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
The Seedbed Curse is used in the Dung Eater's questline in Elden Ring by giving five of them to him to complete the quest.
