CONTEXT
\n\n Sellia, Town of Sorcery \n\nA once-great town renowned for its study of the sorcerous arts. Now lying in ruin, the ghosts of its former scholars still roam the streets.\n\nSellia, Town of Sorcery is a Location in Elden Ring. The Sellia, Town of Sorcery is found in eastern Caelid. Players can reach this location by following the Caelid Highway to the east and then heading north.\n\nSellia, Town of Sorcery Map\nSellia, Town of Sorcery is located in Caelid just east from the Rot Swamp. See the exact location in our Elden Ring Map.\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Sellia, Town of Sorcery\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants at this location\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Sellia, Town of Sorcery\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nAeonian Butterfly\nFaded Erdleaf Flower\nGlintstone Firefly\nMiquella's Lily\nSmoldering Butterfly\nToxic Mushroom\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGolden Seed\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCerulean Tear Scarab\nLusat's Glintstone Staff\nNight Comet\nNox Flowing Sword (Nox Swordstress & Nox Priest drop)\nPoison Grease\nSpelldrake Talisman +1\nStaff of Loss\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nAsh of War: Double Slash\nImbued Sword Key\nRedmane Painting\nRotten Stray Ashes\nStonesword Key\n\nElden Ring Sellia, Town of Sorcery Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nAvionette Soldier\nMarionette Soldier\nNoble Sorcerer\nGlintstone Sorcerer\nLazuli Sorcerer\nRotten Stray\nTwinsage Sorcerer\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nNox Swordstress & Nox Priest\n\nSellia, Town of Sorcery Walkthrough\nSellia, Town of Sorcery is a massive ghost town on the eastern side of Caelid. These ruins are chock-full of collectibles to find. However, exploring this location can be quite perilous as it is filled with Ghostly versions of Noble Sorcerers, Raya Lucaria Sorcerers, Twinsage Sorcerers and Raya Lucarian Wardens. While they use mostly the same attacks and boast the same behaviors as their physical counterparts, the thing that sets them apart is that they are invisible until you are near them, which prevents you from targeting them until they are seen. Furthermore, they can fire their spell projectiles while remaining invisible. Some of them can even teleport away from you. It is highly recommended that you call on a Spirit Summon while exploring. Your summons can detect invisible enemies and will usually rush towards them and draw their fire.\nThere are several small rooms on the outsides of the buildings here that are initially sealed by a barrier which can be dispelled by lighting a brazier on a tower. There are three such braziers in this town and your first priority should be to find them. Make a bee-line straight for a very large staircase in the northeast section of town. Halfway through the staircase, you can find a large root jutting out and extending to one of the buildings to the right. This is the easiest way to get onto the rooftops where several collectibles can also be found. You will be jumping from building to building and occasionally some roots to navigate the rooftops. Remember that you can always summon Torrent for his double jump capability should you find the platforming too difficult.\nFirst & Second Braziers\nFrom the first building connected to the staircase root,  get onto the next building in the west using another root extending towards it. Now jump onto the building to the south, you should be able to land the corner of the roof. Look at the building southwest from here and take out the Marionette Soldier sitting on the roof and then jump onto the lower roof of  that building. You can get to the higher roof via the root wrapping around the west side of it. Continue on south and jump on the branch of the gigantic root you see ahead of you. Watch out for a Marionette Gargoyle swooping in from the left. Look at the western end of the gigantic root to find a Teardrop Scarab which drops the Ash of War: Double Slash. Now follow the gigantic root east and up on a building and then turn to the south and jump over another root to land on the roof of a long building. Follow the roof west to find a corpse sitting on a ledge. You can loot a Stonesword Key off this corpse. Continue west and you should be on a roof with a ladder leading up to the southwest brazier. Light it up to unlock several barriers in town.\nGo back down and across through the long building and climb up the gigantic root here. Follow it northeast to get to another tower with another brazier. This unlocks a barrier at the top of the staircase from earlier. Go around the tower and jump down the roof of the building to the north. Follow this long stretch of roofs to the building at the end which has a corpse on top from which you can loot the Cerulean Tear Scarab helm.\nThird Brazier\nNow you can drop down to the ground level and go through the central alleyway. Look to your right to find a large red painting under some rubble. Inspecting it gives you the Redmane Painting. Continue north through the alley and look to your right for a formerly sealed room with a chest containing the Night Comet spell. At the end of the street, just before the large staircase, head southeast up the other stairs here, make the first left and then on the left will be another formerly sealed room with a chest that contains an Imbued Sword Key. Now head back to the large staircase from earlier and follow it all the way up to find a Phantom Tree with a Golden Seed underneath. From the tree, face the southwestern edge of the platform and drop down onto the root below. Follow the root and jump onto the building on your right using the mutated growth as a stepping stone. There should be another ladder here that leads to the third brazier. Lighting it unlocks the boss door in the northwest but before you head there, get back onto the root and stand at the very end of it to jump on the building to the south. Drop down onto the balcony on the right to loot the corpse for a Staff of Loss. Check the room directly under this balcony for a chest containing the Spelldrake Talisman +1. If you head down the steps west of here and follow the walls north, you can find a dilapidated building with some Rotten Strays nearby. There is a corpse with the Rotten Stray Ashes in here.\nThat covers all the notable loot in the town proper. There are other things to find in the area, but they are mostly consumables/crafting materials. Check our Interactive Map for this town to get a better sense of where everything is located.\nWhen ready, go back up the steps and proceed to the northwest, past the giant staircases, through a very tall stone arch to find the boss door.\nBoss: Nox Swordstress & Nox Priest\nThis is a Duo Boss fight. There is nothing too notable about these bosses. Using a decently leveled summon will make this quite the trivial encounter. The Swordstress uses a sword with a whip-like function to attack at medium range while the Priest uses spells from afar. Both are highly susceptible to magic damage and are easily staggered out of any combos they can potentially perform. Upon defeating the duo, you are awarded the Nox Flowing Sword which is the same sword the Swordstress uses. Check the building to the north of their chamber for a chest that contains Lusat's Glintstone Staff which is the weapon that the Priest was using.\nAfter defeating the bosses, head back to the large staircase and through the previously sealed archway to find the Sellia Backstreets Site of Grace. \n\nElden Ring Sellia, Town of Sorcery Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can players efficiently navigate the rooftops and unlock barriers in Sellia, Town of Sorcery in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players can navigate the rooftops by finding three braziers, one in the southwest, northeast, and northwest, to unlock barriers in Sellia, Town of Sorcery in Elden Ring.
