CONTEXT
\n\n Sellia Hideaway \n\nSellia Hideaway is a small cave north-east from Sellia town, where Sorceress Sellen questline unfolds.\n\nSellia Hideaway is a Location in Elden Ring. The Sellia Hideaway is found in North-East Caelid, near Sellia town proper. It is in the border Region of Caelid and Dragonbarrow but it is slightly into Dragonbarrow.\nThe location of this secret cave is revealed by Note: Hidden Cave.\n\nSellia Hideaway Location Map\nEntrace found behind an Illusory Wall. To reach the entrance, start at the Church of the Plague site of grace and head north up the hill and straight under the wooden arch. Look to the North-East for a small graveyard with a single sorcerer enemy wielding a staff and a club. Behind the main headstone, along the cliffside, there's a secret door you can reveal by rolling or attacking it. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Sellia Hideaway\n\nMaster Lusat\n\nPart of Sellen's questline. Find him locked away behind an Arcane barrier. See instructions below on how to locate him.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Sellia Hideaway\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nBudding Cave Moss\nCrystal Cave Moss\nCrystal Dart\nGolden Rune (5)\nGolden Rune (3)\nGlowstone\nPreserving Boluses\nStimulating Boluses\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSomber Smithing Stone (4)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nStars of Ruin (quest reward)\nCrystal Torrent (Boss drop)\nCrystal Spear\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nCrystalian Ashes\nLost Ashes of War\n\nElden Ring Sellia Hideaway Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGlintstone Miner\nGlintstone Sorcerer\nRevenant\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nPutrid Crystalians\n\nSellia Hideaway Walkthrough\nUpon entering the cave past the site of grace, you will encounter a Glintstone Miner. Past the Golden Rune (3) slightly further in, there is another illusory wall you need to roll through. Another Glintstone Miner and illusory wall await you. Past this, there is a large cave with massive purple crystals. Head right to find another miner, then go across the crystals and to the left towards the next miner guarding a Golden Rune (5). Go back by jumping above the crystals to the right, then go across the large crystal again, this time heading right. Turn right again and drop down onto another shorter crystal, the jump onto a longer one and drop down into the pit. You should be able to see the magic barrier associated to Sellen's quest from here. If you have the key, go through and talk to Lusat who will give you Stars of Ruin. Turn around and walk over the crystal where you encounter a Revenant. Loot the Stimulating Boluses, Golden Rune (5), and Lost Ashes of War. Turn around and towards the Silver Fireflies, along the path back upwards is a Somber Smithing Stone (4). When you drop down from the crystal at the end, there will be three Crystal Snails waiting for you. Turn left, where you will encounter two sorcerer miners, one of them has more health and a charging attack. Loot the Glowstone x4, then jump across or onto the crystal below, then head into the corridor on the right, passing a Stake of Marika (where you can respawn at should you die).\nYou'll enter into quite a large crystal formation cave. Hug the right wall, climbing up and over the rocks and rubble. You'll pass on your left shoulder, two (2) very large crystal shards growing from the floor with the third one at a gentle angle. Walk onto this third massive crystal shard and continue walking until you're a few feet away from the tip.\n\nWalk off to your right, jump onto a little crystal and then floor to face a Preserving Boluse and an illusory wall leading to a chest containing Crystal Spear. Head back and this time, walk off to your left, which will make a very short drop onto another crystal (short drop to the south). From here, head south and take another very short drop onto yet another crystal shard. Follow this up and until you're on solid ground. There is a pit with some light barely noticeable at the bottom, a campfire, and a room full of several Glintstone Sorcerers (a couple will make use of shields and engage you in melee while the third will casts spells at you). Clear this room and you can claim the Crystalian Ashes, among a few other crafting mats. There is only one exit to take, so head out, make a small drop, and you'll come across a single miner. Once dealt with, you'll be at another short drop with two choices: left, going southwest or right, going northeast. You'll want to turn right, after you drop, heading in a northeast direction. This will take back into the room you did your crystal shard climbing/ dropping to reach the Crystalian Ash summons. Make your way back into the large crystal shard room, dealing with Crystal Snails and you can claim Crystal Dart x10. Nothing more to note in here so, head back into the tunnel, moving southwest towards the fog wall/ boss. Before the boss you will be ambushed by four more snails. Prepare for the boss accordingly: Three (3) Putrid Crystalians who inflict Scarlet Rot on hit. There is a mage, one with a ringblade, and the last one with a lance. Per usual with Crystalians, blunt weapons will crack their shell fast, enabling frontal/ rear backstab and for subsequent better HP damage on them. Your reward is the spell: Crystal Torrent.\nMaster Lusat's Location\nTo get to Master Lusat, you'll first need to have talked to Sorceress Sellen and progressed the questline enough to where you will be asked to search for Master Lusat on her behalf (refer to her questline page for more information).\nFrom the room with the overlapping crystals, fall down to the ground and fight the Royal Revenant. In the northwest side of the room, you'll find two small steps leading to a small cavern.\n\nFollow through the cavern, and eventually you'll find yourself walking atop a crystal, with another ledge and a Crystal miner off in the distance. Hop to the other ledge, then head to the leftmost side of the platform.\n\nLooking down off the ledge, you'll see two crystals, connecting you to where a snail sits. Jump down off the ledge, land on the first crystal, then walk along it and jump over to the second crystal, where you can fight the snail. Your goal is to defeat the snail without falling off, then get to where the snail was standing and go a few paces up.\n\nAs you walk towards to the snail, you'll notice on the bottom left corner there is a gate guarded by Sorcery. That is the ultimate location you are trying to get to.\nOnce you get to around where the snail you killed was, it is safe to drop down, and begin your approach to the door -- but note that it is guarded by a Glinstone Sorcerer.\n\nLastly, walk up to the door and examine it, and the door will open, revealing a short cave.\n\nProceed through the end of the cave, and Master Lusat will be there waiting for you.\n\nApproach him, and interact to Talk with him.\n\nAfter "talking" with him (he won't say anything), you'll receive Stars of Ruin.\n\nElden Ring Sellia Hideaway Gallery and Notes\nMaster Lusat\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What are the items and creatures found in Elden Ring's Sellia Hideaway?

ANSWER
Budding Cave Moss, Crystal Cave Moss, Crystal Dart, Golden Rune (5), Golden Rune (3), Glowstone, Preserving Boluses, Stimulating Boluses, Somber Smithing Stone (4), Stars of Ruin (quest reward), Crystal Torrent (Boss drop), Crystal Spear, Crystalian Ashes, Lost Ashes of War, Glintstone Miner, Glintstone Sorcerer, Revenant, Putrid Crystalians.
