CONTEXT
\n\n Royal Knight's Resolve \n\n        Skill of the knights who once served the Elden Lord. Hold the flat of the armament to your face and pledge your resolve, greatly powering up your next attack. \n\nRoyal Knight's Resolve is a Skill in Elden Ring. Royal Knight's Resolve is a regular skill that can be found in Ashes of War, this can be used on all melee armaments.\n\nHow to get Royal Knight's Resolve in Elden Ring\nNOTE: Two Stonesword Keys Required. From the Temple of Eiglay Site of Grace, if you have not unlocked the elevator north of the temple, follow these steps, otherwise skip to the next paragraph. From the Site of grace, head south and pull the lever for the elevator. Go up the elevator, over the ledge should be a platform of lava, land on the dark stuff to the right of the glowing red stream. Hug the eastern cliff, over the bridge up eastward to a corpse sitting on the edge. From the corpse head north and drop shortly down. Follow the path up reaching a lava pool area. Head west towards the tower/building jumping over lava. Be wary of the lesser Abductor Virgin. Hug the building and jump into the opening of that building. Head out to the west, be wary of the Man-Serpent with a flaming sword. Go up the stairs into the building, activate the elevator to the south to activate the shortcut. Head through the northern doorway. A few Man-Serpents will stand in your way, but they can be faced individually. Open the door, hug the right side, and snake your way up the right stairs. Then head west. You will require two Stonesword Keys here. Enter and jump down the cages. At the bottom head northeast towards the fire place and the Ash of War: Royal Knight's Resolve will be on a corpse in front of it.\nSpeedrun Method\n(Patched as of 1.07.)\nFrom Temple of Eiglay Grace. Head outside Northwest door, And turn to the north. A lever should lift a bridge have you not used it yet. Once bridge it up, hug the North side up to the last post(Pawn looking thing) and jump onto it. From here jump onto the large wheel with chains(note jumping and holding the run/dodge so you can run without back step from stand still). Once on the wheel there will be a railing with fire. Aim for it's corner(one closest to you) and run and jump onto it. From here run past the Abductor virgin, into the building, down the steps and head towards the fireplace(NE). There will be the Royal Knight's Resolve.\nElden Ring Royal Knight's Resolve Guide, Notes & Tips\n\nThis is an Ash of War Skill, associated with the Ash of War: Royal Knight's Resolve.\nFP Cost: 15\nBuffs damage of next landing swing by 80%, fading immediately after the blow.\nFades after 10 seconds without successfully landing a blow.\nPrior to Patch 1.03, Royal Knight's Resolve used to buff the damage of all sources, including other weapons or incantations, as long as you did not unequip the weapon. Additionally, the 80% bonus damage did not get removed by attacking with other weapons or using sorceries/incantations/weapon arts.\nThis Skill is not Chargeable\nThis Skill cannot be Parried\nDagger Talisman is close by, giving you a boost to all critical attacks(backstabs/riposte)\nNote: As of Patch 1.09, the effectiveness of the Royal Knight's Resolve Ashe of war has decreased in PVP only (40%)\n\nRoyal Knight's Resolve Demonstration\n\nBuilds with Royal Knight's Resolve\n\nBattlemage Written Guide\n\n Hellfire Herald Written Guide\n\nCold-Blooded Raptor Written Guide\n\nCarian Cleaver Written Guide\n\nElden Ring Skills\n\nAncient Lightning Spear  ♦  Angel's Wings  ♦  Assassin's Gambit  ♦  Barbaric Roar  ♦  Barrage  ♦  Barricade Shield  ♦  Bear Witness!  ♦  Beast's roar  ♦  Black Flame Tornado  ♦  Blade of Death  ♦  Blade of Gold  ♦  Blood Blade  ♦  Blood Tax  ♦  Bloodblade Dance  ♦  Bloodboon Ritual  ♦  Bloodhound's Finesse  ♦  Bloodhound's Step  ♦  Bloody Slash  ♦  Braggart's Roar  ♦  Bubble Shower  ♦  Buckler Parry  ♦  Carian Grandeur  ♦  Carian Greatsword Skill  ♦  Carian Retaliation (Skill)  ♦  Charge Forth  ♦  Chilling Mist  ♦  Claw Flick  ♦  Contagious Fury  ♦  Corpse Piler  ♦  Corpse Wax Cutter  ♦  Cursed-Blood Slice  ♦  Death Flare  ♦  Destined Death  ♦  Determination  ♦  Devourer of Worlds  ♦  Double Slash  ♦  Dynast's Finesse  ♦  Earthshaker  ♦  Enchanted Shot  ♦  Endure  ♦  Eochaid's Dancing Blade  ♦  Erdtree Slam  ♦  Eruption  ♦  Establish Order  ♦  Familial Rancor  ♦  Firebreather  ♦  Fires of Slumber  ♦  Flame Dance  ♦  Flame of the Redmanes  ♦  Flame Spit  ♦  Flaming Strike  ♦  Flowing Form  ♦  Frenzyflame Thrust  ♦  Ghostflame Ignition  ♦  Giant Hunt  ♦  Glintblade Phalanx (Skill)  ♦  Glintstone Dart  ♦  Glintstone Pebble Skill  ♦  Gold Breaker  ♦  Golden Land  ♦  Golden Parry  ♦  Golden Retaliation  ♦  Golden Slam  ♦  Golden Tempering  ♦  Golden Vow  ♦  Gravitas  ♦  Gravity Bolt  ♦  Great Oracular Bubble Skill  ♦  Great-Serpent Hunt  ♦  Ground Slam  ♦  Hoarah Loux's Earthshaker  ♦  Hoarfrost Stomp  ♦  Holy Ground  ♦  I Command Thee, Kneel!  ♦  Ice Lightning Sword  ♦  Ice Spear  ♦  Impaling Thrust  ♦  Kick  ♦  Knowledge Above All  ♦  Last Rites  ♦  Lifesteal Fist  ♦  Lightning Ram  ♦  Lightning Slash  ♦  Lion's Claw  ♦  Loretta's Slash  ♦  Magma Guillotine  ♦  Magma Shower  ♦  Mighty Shot  ♦  Miquella's Ring of Light  ♦  Mists of Slumber  ♦  Moonlight Greatsword  ♦  Nebula  ♦  Night-and-Flame Stance  ♦  Oath of Vengeance  ♦  Onyx Lord's Repulsion  ♦  Oracular Bubble  ♦  Ordovis' Vortex  ♦  Ordovis's Vortex  ♦  Parry Skill  ♦  Phantom Slash  ♦  Piercing Fang  ♦  Poison Moth Flight  ♦  Poisonous Mist  ♦  Prayerful Strike  ♦  Prelate's Charge  ♦  Quickstep  ♦  Radahn's Rain  ♦  Rain of Arrows  ♦  Rallying Standard  ♦  Raptor of the Mists  ♦  Reduvia Blood Blade  ♦  Regal Beastclaw  ♦  Regal Roar  ♦  Repeating Thrust  ♦  Rosus's Summons  ♦  Ruinous Ghostflame  ♦  Sacred Blade  ♦  Sacred Order  ♦  Sacred Phalanx  ♦  Sacred Ring of Light  ♦  Sea of Magma  ♦  Seppuku  ♦  Shared Order  ♦  Shield Bash  ♦  Shield Crash  ♦  Shriek of Milos  ♦  Siluria's Woe  ♦  Sky Shot  ♦  Sorcery of the Crozier  ♦  Soul Stifler  ♦  Spearcall Ritual  ♦  Spectral Lance  ♦  Spinning Chain  ♦  Spinning Slash  ♦  Spinning Strikes  ♦  Spinning Weapon  ♦  Spinning Wheel  ♦  Square Off  ♦  Stamp (Sweep)  ♦  Stamp (Upward Cut)  ♦  Starcaller Cry  ♦  Storm Assault  ♦  Storm Blade  ♦  Storm Kick  ♦  Storm Stomp  ♦  Storm Wall  ♦  Stormcaller  ♦  Surge of Faith  ♦  Sword Dance  ♦  Taker's Flames  ♦  The Queen's Black Flame  ♦  Thops's Barrier  ♦  Through and Through  ♦  Thunderbolt  ♦  Thundercloud Form  ♦  Thunderstorm  ♦  Tongues of Fire  ♦  Torch Attack  ♦  Transient Moonlight  ♦  Troll's Roar  ♦  Unblockable Blade  ♦  Unsheathe  ♦  Vacuum Slice  ♦  Viper Bite  ♦  Vow of the Indomitable  ♦  War Cry  ♦  Waterfowl Dance  ♦  Wave of Destruction  ♦  Wave of Gold  ♦  Waves of Darkness  ♦  White Shadow's Lure  ♦  Wild Strikes  ♦  Wolf's Assault  ♦  Zamor Ice Storm\n\n

QUESTION
What is the speedrun method for obtaining Royal Knight's Resolve in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
From Temple of Eiglay Grace, head northwest, lift a bridge, jump onto the wheel with chains, run past Abductor virgin, reach the fireplace(NE) to obtain Royal Knight's Resolve.
