CONTEXT
\n\n Poisonous Mist \n\n        Bathe armament in poison, and then slash, spreading toxic mist forwards. The armament retains its poison for a while. \n\nPoisonous Mist is a Skill in Elden Ring. Poisonous Mist is a regular skill that can be found in Ashes of War, this skill can also be used on certain melee armaments. Updated to Patch 1.07.\n\nHow to get Poisonous Mist in Elden Ring\n\nCan be acquired from the Ash of War: Poisonous Mist, which grants the poison affinity and Poisonous Mist Weapon Skill.\nDropped by a teardrop scarab at the southwest section of the Aeonia Swamp in Caelid. Elden Ring Map Link. \n\nThis teardrop scarab can teleport a short distance if the player gets too close. If available, apply appropiate measures to kill it from range.\n\nElden Ring Poisonous Mist Guide, Notes & Tips\n\nThis is an Ash of War Skill, associated with the Ash of War: Poisonous Mist.\nFP Cost: 14 on use.\nDeals 12 stance damage\nThis Skill is not Chargeable\nOn input, coats the armament in poison while swinging out a green mist that slightly travels forward, and lingers for a short period of time. \n\nBoth parts of the skill (swing + mist) apply poison buildup on enemies. Both apply the same poison buildup.\nThe swing also deals damage if it connects.\n\nThe mist applies 120 base poison buildup per tick, and lasts for 5 seconds. \n\nThe poison buildup of the mist changes depending on the weapon's affinity, as it scales with the Arcane stat.\n\nThe poison coat adds poison buildup on hit to the armament (counts as a weapon buff), which lasts 40 seconds. (Since Patch 1.07) \n\nThe poison buildup from the buff adds 60 base poison buildup, but changes depending on the weapon's affinity. as it scales with the Arcane stat. \n\nPoison affinity has good Arcane scaling (tied with Blood affinity), beaten only by the Occult affinity. At Arcane levels close to 80, an Occult weapon with Poison Mist active can deal even more poison buildup per hit, than that same weapon with a Poison affinity and Poison Mist active.\nAn affinity that has no Arcane scaling at all will have considerably lower poison buildup per hit when Poison Mist is active. This remains true even if the player has a very low arcane stat to benefit from the Poison/Bleed/Occult affinities.\n\nNote: This Skill was changed with Patch 1.07 as follows: \n\nMotion speed has been increased.\nDuration of the weapon's poison effect has been increased.\n\nBuilds with Poisonous Mist\n\nVenomous Bloodblade Written Guide\n\nPoisonous Mist Demonstration\n\nElden Ring Skills\n\nAncient Lightning Spear  ♦  Angel's Wings  ♦  Assassin's Gambit  ♦  Barbaric Roar  ♦  Barrage  ♦  Barricade Shield  ♦  Bear Witness!  ♦  Beast's roar  ♦  Black Flame Tornado  ♦  Blade of Death  ♦  Blade of Gold  ♦  Blood Blade  ♦  Blood Tax  ♦  Bloodblade Dance  ♦  Bloodboon Ritual  ♦  Bloodhound's Finesse  ♦  Bloodhound's Step  ♦  Bloody Slash  ♦  Braggart's Roar  ♦  Bubble Shower  ♦  Buckler Parry  ♦  Carian Grandeur  ♦  Carian Greatsword Skill  ♦  Carian Retaliation (Skill)  ♦  Charge Forth  ♦  Chilling Mist  ♦  Claw Flick  ♦  Contagious Fury  ♦  Corpse Piler  ♦  Corpse Wax Cutter  ♦  Cursed-Blood Slice  ♦  Death Flare  ♦  Destined Death  ♦  Determination  ♦  Devourer of Worlds  ♦  Double Slash  ♦  Dynast's Finesse  ♦  Earthshaker  ♦  Enchanted Shot  ♦  Endure  ♦  Eochaid's Dancing Blade  ♦  Erdtree Slam  ♦  Eruption  ♦  Establish Order  ♦  Familial Rancor  ♦  Firebreather  ♦  Fires of Slumber  ♦  Flame Dance  ♦  Flame of the Redmanes  ♦  Flame Spit  ♦  Flaming Strike  ♦  Flowing Form  ♦  Frenzyflame Thrust  ♦  Ghostflame Ignition  ♦  Giant Hunt  ♦  Glintblade Phalanx (Skill)  ♦  Glintstone Dart  ♦  Glintstone Pebble Skill  ♦  Gold Breaker  ♦  Golden Land  ♦  Golden Parry  ♦  Golden Retaliation  ♦  Golden Slam  ♦  Golden Tempering  ♦  Golden Vow  ♦  Gravitas  ♦  Gravity Bolt  ♦  Great Oracular Bubble Skill  ♦  Great-Serpent Hunt  ♦  Ground Slam  ♦  Hoarah Loux's Earthshaker  ♦  Hoarfrost Stomp  ♦  Holy Ground  ♦  I Command Thee, Kneel!  ♦  Ice Lightning Sword  ♦  Ice Spear  ♦  Impaling Thrust  ♦  Kick  ♦  Knowledge Above All  ♦  Last Rites  ♦  Lifesteal Fist  ♦  Lightning Ram  ♦  Lightning Slash  ♦  Lion's Claw  ♦  Loretta's Slash  ♦  Magma Guillotine  ♦  Magma Shower  ♦  Mighty Shot  ♦  Miquella's Ring of Light  ♦  Mists of Slumber  ♦  Moonlight Greatsword  ♦  Nebula  ♦  Night-and-Flame Stance  ♦  Oath of Vengeance  ♦  Onyx Lord's Repulsion  ♦  Oracular Bubble  ♦  Ordovis' Vortex  ♦  Ordovis's Vortex  ♦  Parry Skill  ♦  Phantom Slash  ♦  Piercing Fang  ♦  Poison Moth Flight  ♦  Prayerful Strike  ♦  Prelate's Charge  ♦  Quickstep  ♦  Radahn's Rain  ♦  Rain of Arrows  ♦  Rallying Standard  ♦  Raptor of the Mists  ♦  Reduvia Blood Blade  ♦  Regal Beastclaw  ♦  Regal Roar  ♦  Repeating Thrust  ♦  Rosus's Summons  ♦  Royal Knight's Resolve  ♦  Ruinous Ghostflame  ♦  Sacred Blade  ♦  Sacred Order  ♦  Sacred Phalanx  ♦  Sacred Ring of Light  ♦  Sea of Magma  ♦  Seppuku  ♦  Shared Order  ♦  Shield Bash  ♦  Shield Crash  ♦  Shriek of Milos  ♦  Siluria's Woe  ♦  Sky Shot  ♦  Sorcery of the Crozier  ♦  Soul Stifler  ♦  Spearcall Ritual  ♦  Spectral Lance  ♦  Spinning Chain  ♦  Spinning Slash  ♦  Spinning Strikes  ♦  Spinning Weapon  ♦  Spinning Wheel  ♦  Square Off  ♦  Stamp (Sweep)  ♦  Stamp (Upward Cut)  ♦  Starcaller Cry  ♦  Storm Assault  ♦  Storm Blade  ♦  Storm Kick  ♦  Storm Stomp  ♦  Storm Wall  ♦  Stormcaller  ♦  Surge of Faith  ♦  Sword Dance  ♦  Taker's Flames  ♦  The Queen's Black Flame  ♦  Thops's Barrier  ♦  Through and Through  ♦  Thunderbolt  ♦  Thundercloud Form  ♦  Thunderstorm  ♦  Tongues of Fire  ♦  Torch Attack  ♦  Transient Moonlight  ♦  Troll's Roar  ♦  Unblockable Blade  ♦  Unsheathe  ♦  Vacuum Slice  ♦  Viper Bite  ♦  Vow of the Indomitable  ♦  War Cry  ♦  Waterfowl Dance  ♦  Wave of Destruction  ♦  Wave of Gold  ♦  Waves of Darkness  ♦  White Shadow's Lure  ♦  Wild Strikes  ♦  Wolf's Assault  ♦  Zamor Ice Storm\n\n

QUESTION
How can players acquire Poisonous Mist in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Can be acquired from the Ash of War: Poisonous Mist dropped by a teardrop scarab in Caelid's southwest Aeonia Swamp.
