CONTEXT
\n\n Sellia Crystal Tunnel \n\nThe crystal mining operation of Sellia is overseen by grotesque and aggressive Kindred of Rot.\n\nSellia Crystal Tunnel  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Sellia Crystal Tunnel  is found in Caelid. You can reach this location (and by extension Caelid) early by opening the chest [Elden Ring Map Link] in Dragon-Burnt Ruins. It will envelop you in smoke and transport you to the mine.\n\nSellia Crystal Tunnel Map\nIF YOU ARE STUCK HERE: take a right from the shack you spawned at, and run down the stairs then take a left and drop down, hit the site of grace. Now walk out of the cave and teleport back. If you need to ride back, use the Interactive Map to guide you.\nSee Sellia Crystal Tunnel's location on the [Elden Ring Map]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Sellia Crystal Tunnel\n\nThere are no NPCs here\nThere are no Merchants here.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Sellia Crystal Tunnel\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nDragonwound Grease\nGolden Rune (4)\nGravity Stone Fan\nGravity Stone Chunk\nCracked Crystal\nRot Grease\nRune Arc\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSmithing Stone (5)\nSmithing Stone (7) (Fallingstar Beast drop)\nSomber Smithing Stone (4)\nSomber Smithing Stone (6) (Fallingstar Beast drop)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nFaithful's Canvas Talisman\nRock Blaster\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nSomberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (1) (Fallingstar Beast drop)\n\nElden Ring Sellia Crystal Tunnel Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGlintstone Miner\nLesser Kindred of Rot (Pests)\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nFallingstar Beast\n\nSellia Crystal Tunnel Walkthrough\nAlternate Entry\nYou can reach this location (and by extension Caelid) early by opening the chest in Dragon-Burnt Ruins. It will envelop you in smoke and transport you to the mine but be warned, the enemies within may be too difficult for you at this time.If you enter via this method, you will appear in a small wooden shed with a chest. Be very careful stepping outside of the shed as you will be hit pursuing rains of hell above from three Lesser Kindred of Rot, one of which is sitting atop the shed you arrive in. To get to the Site of Grace safely, you will need to turn right as soon as you exit the shed, curve around and go down the hill. Follow this path heading west, and take the left cavern exit at the end to get to the Site of Grace.\nMain Dungeon Walkthrough\nThis section assumes you reached the dungeon naturally by exploring Caelid. From the Site of Grace, head north and up the ladder to reach a large cavern with many Glintstone Miner enemies mining for crystals. These enemies are weak against magic and piercing attacks but resistant against other attack types. You can ascend by heading up the slope on the right but be careful of the Lesser Kindred of Rot (Pests) along the way. There is one standing atop the storage shed on the left. When you reach the top of the path, head for the end of the wooden walkway on the left and kill the Lesser Kindred on the way. At the end of the walkway is a corpse with a Rune Arc. Opposite the walkway, you can find a Smithing Stone (5) on the wall behind some crates. Head back to the storage shed with the Lesser Kindred that you passed on the way and jump up on its roof to reach the wooden platform in the east. To jump onto the shed roof, start your jump from the candle on the ground just outside the shed. Next, drop down the edge of this platform to proceed\nIn the tunnels ahead, beware of an ambush by a particularly strong Glintstone Miner to the right, and pick up the Smithing Stone (5) on the ground on the left. In the next section, climb up the ladder and go around the wooden walkway to find a corpse with a Somber Smithing Stone (4). Head north and take out the Lesser Kindred above the storage shed ahead. A Glintstone Miner will also come out the side towards you. Enter the shed for a chest containing the Rock Blaster spell. Go around the shed and take the ladder to the roof. There is a Golden Rune (4) on a corpse by the ladder. Kill the Glintstone Miners on the roof and head west to spot a tunnel. There is a Somber Smithing Stone (4) before the entrance to the right. Be sure to kick down the ladder on the left which leads downward for a nice shortcut in case you head through here again. The ladder will be located directly across from the shed\nWhen you enter the next section, be careful of an ambush by a Lesser Kindred of Rot in the wooden structure to the left. There's a corpse with a Dragonwound Grease in front of the room and a Somber Smithing Stone (4) inside the room. There are two more Lesser Kindred on the elevated platform to the northeast. Take them out and collect the Faithful's Canvas Talisman on the corpse by the wall and the Smithing Stone (5) to the left. Head back down the raised platform and through the tunnel to the southwest and through the large wooden gate to engage this dungeon's boss.\nBoss: Fallingstar Beast\nThe Fallingstar Beast is a massive quadruped made up of crystals or rock. It has a long spiky tail and a head reminiscent of a centipede's, with massive mandibles extending from its face. Because of the boss' size, you will have little room for maneuvering. The main attacks to watch out for are its head swipe combo, in which it bashes its head from side to side multiple times as well as its charge attack, in which it dashes towards you three times, quickly changing directions after each charge. The beast can also cause the ground to erupt in a rock burst. This is telegraphed by lightning forming on its mandibles, as well as on the ground, indicating where the ground will burst. The key to defeating this boss is to constantly be on the move and attack during its long recovery animations.\nDefeating the Fallingstar Beast awards the Somberstone Miner's Bell Bearing (1), 4 x Gravity Stone Chunk, a Somber Smithing Stone (6) and 5 x Smithing Stone (7), as well as 7,600 Runes.\nElden Ring Sellia Crystal Tunnel Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How do you defeat the Fallingstar Beast in the Sellia Crystal Tunnel?

ANSWER
Constantly move, attack during long recovery animations, watch for head swipe combo, charge attack, and ground eruption indicated by lightning; exploit weakness in maneuvering space, and persevere through its attacks to defeat Fallingstar Beast.
