CONTEXT
\n\n Impaler's Catacombs \n\nThe Impaler's Catacombs are found in the east side of the Weeping Peninsula. Once used to store the bodies of the dead, it is now crawling with Imps. \n\nImpaler's Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring. The Impaler's Catacombs is found in the north eastern side of Weeping Peninsula. The entrance to the Impaler's Catacombs are a set of doors set against a very large cliff wall on the eastern side of the Weeping Peninsula, easily spotted by following the edge of the cliffs while looking inland.\n\nImpaler's Catacombs Map\nSee the location of Impaler's Catacombs on our interactive map [Elden Ring Map here].\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Impaler's Catacombs\n\nNo NPCs in this Catacombs\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Impaler's Catacombs\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGrave Violet\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nx3 Grave Glovewort (1)\nx3 Grave Glovewort (2)\nx1 Ghost Glovewort (2)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nThere are no equipment items here\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nPrattling Pate "Please help"\nDemi-Human Ashes\n\nElden Ring Impaler's Catacombs Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nImp\nPutrid Corpse\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nErdtree Burial Watchdog\n\nImpaler's Catacombs Walkthrough\nThe Impaler's Catacombs is filled with Imps that crawl on the walls and jump at the player. When walking into new rooms you can slowly move your camera to check the walls around the entrance to look for enemies crawling on the wall to avoid being jumped in the back. The entrance can be easily found by following the cliffside on the eastern edge of Weeping Peninsula with a Site of Grace found inside at the top of the catacombs. \nHeading into the Catacombs the first room players walk into is a square room with a large hole and stairs against the wall leading down. There are 2 Imps in this room, one on the wall of the entrance and one on the wall on the other end of the stairs. Avoid being pushed off into the hole while fighting them and continue to the next room where an ornate door flanked by 2 large stone statues can be found. The door is locked by some contraption but a path exists to the left for you to take. \n\nThe catacombs are a series of tunnels and rooms connecting them, often with an imp on each wall where the tunnels connect to the rooms. The first room you enter will have 3 imps, one on the ground, one on the wall in front and one on the wall of the entrance you enter from. Watch out for the third one as it will jump at you from the wall if left unchecked. Past this room the path branches into 2, one to the right and down stairs, and one forward with a left turn. Go forward first to find a room with a single Imp and a Grave Glovewort [2]. \nTurning around and taking the path down the stairs leads to a large empty room, looking up players will notice a lot of spikes. Stepping on the floor will trigger the mechanism and raise the floor up pushing the player into the spikes dealing damage. In the room there is a pocket in the top left where a Grave Violet can be found. You can run across the raising floor and get to the pocket in time. If you stand on the floor for too long it will raise you all the way up into the spikes, then repeatedly push you into the spikes until dead or you make it back to the pocket. \nIt is not possible to get out directly by running to the exit as the floor will raise above the entrance keeping you in the room. To get out players have to engage the floor mechanism then stay in the pocket and let it reach the roof. Start moving to the entrance while the floor is descending back to the original position so that there is enough time to get out.\nTo complete this catacombs players will have to go to the room with the spike ceiling. At the entrance to the room step on the raising floor to have it raise up then quickly step back off and have it raise past you, fall down underneath the floor to go deeper. In this lower part of the Catacombs an infinite number corpses can be found raising up from the watery path. Following the pathway will lead to more rooms full of Putrid Corpses as well as a Prattling Pate "Please help". There are a set number of Putrid Corpses in each room, but a new replacement will stand up a few seconds after one is killed. At the end of the underground watery area there is a ladder leading upwards, at the top of the ladder is the lever that opens the doors at the start of the catacombs. \nWatch out when turning the corner after leaving the lever, an imp is hiding around the corner ready to jump at players rounding the corner. Simply climb out of the window at the end to get back to the starting room. \nBOSS BATTLE: Erdtree Burial Watchdog\nThis fight involves the boss as well as multiple Imps. The melee attacks of the Imps apply bleed and being surrounded by them while fighting the boss in this small room can quickly lead to the bleed threshold being reached and dealing large damage to the player. Clear out the imps before turning and focusing on the boss. This boss has around 1400 health but is slow and kiteable making for an easy fight once the imps are out of the way.\nThe boss has 2 modes of attack, one where they are standing and one where they are sitting, with only 1 attack in each mode that are both easily dodged.  While sitting the boss will jump or float up then move towards the player before dropping down with their attack in a small AOE, simply move away from the landing spot and continue to hurt the boss. When it is not sitting the boss will stand tall on their hind legs and walk towards the player, when they are near they will slam their sword down. \nDefeating the boss will grant you Demi-Human Ashes as well as 2400 Runes.\n\nElden Ring Impaler's Catacombs Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
Why are the Imps crawling in the Impaler's Catacombs?

ANSWER
The Imps are crawling in the Impaler's Catacombs due to being enemies found in the location.
