CONTEXT
\n\n Roderika \n\nLocation\nStormhill ShackRoundtable Hold\n\nRole\nSpirit-Tuner\n\nVoiced by\nHelen Monks\n\nRoderika is an NPC in Elden Ring. Roderika is a spirit-tuner that you will encounter at Stormhill Shack on the trail to Stormveil. She will later move to the Roundtable Hold if you progress her quest.\n\nEveryone who came with me. They crossed the sea for me. They fought, for me. Heh... Only to have their arms taken. Their legs taken. Even their heads...taken. Taken and stuck to the spider. \n\nRoderika Location in Elden Ring\nRoderika can be found in multiple locations:\n\nRoderika is first found at Stormhill Shack [Map Link] as an NPC called Heartbroken Maiden, and she gives you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes.\nMoves to Roundtable Hold after giving her the Chrysalids' Memento OR resting at any site of grace in the Liurnia of the Lakes region. The earliest possible trigger for acquiring Roderika's Golden Seed is resting at the Lake-Facing Cliffs grace. \n\nThis merchant can't be fought\n\nRODERIKA QUESTLINE: HOW TO COMPLETE RODERIKA'S QUEST\n\nIf you talk several times to Roderika while she is found on Stormhill Shack, you will obtain Sitting Sideways pose and then she will give you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes.\nDeliver her message and return with a Chrystalids' Memento found on a pile of corpses within Rampart Tower. She will still be at the shack. The next time you meet Roderika will be at the Roundtable Hold. Meet her there to obtain a Golden Seed.\nShe can be found later again in Roundtable Hold as a Spirit Tuner where she is not wearing her riding hood anymore, provided that you have given her the Chrysalids' Memento and have spoken to Smithing Master Hewg. \n\nIf you missed Roderika at the Stormhill Shack, when she appears at the Roundtable Hold, chose the "About Roderika" option from Smithing Master Hewg's dialogue options and continue the quest as normal.\nIf you go around Margit and acquire the Lake-Facing Cliffs Grace early, it will auto complete the quest up to this point early and not require you to go get the Chrysalids' Memento.  This may be a bug.\n\nInitially, you'll find Roderika standing next to the fireplace when she moves to the Roundtable Hold. Make sure to speak to her and exhaust her dialogues to acquire x1 Golden Seed as a reward for giving her the memento. \n\nIf you did not give her the Chrysalids' Memento prior to her appearing at Roundtable Hold, you can still aquire the Golden Seed by visiting Stormhill Shack and looting it from where she once laid.\n\nFor Roderika to become an apprentice Spirit Tuner, you must speak to Smithing Master Hewg about Roderika, tell Roderika about what Hewg mentioned, and then speak to Hewg again, to convince him that Roderika wishes to learn more about her gift. \n\nIf you missed Roderika at the Stormhill Shack, choose the "Please" dialogue option to receive the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes.\n\nAfter doing so, leave the hub and then return at any time, and you can find Roderika in the same room where Smithing Master Hewg is, on the left side, sitting on the floor.\nMoving forward, if you speak to her, Roderika can now upgrade your Spirit Ashes with the skill of Spirit Tuning, provided you have the required Runes and Glovewort Items. \n\nFrom this point, once you've leveled up any spirit ashes to +4 (doesn't matter if the ashes are special or not), you can choose to Talk to her. Doing so will give you extra dialogue, in which she proclaims that she is no longer an apprentice, and gives you the Curtsy gesture.\n\nThe Crimson Hood that she wore can can be obtained where you found the Chrysalids' Memento if you return to that location after completing the Questline.\n(Warning: spoiler for major other events concerning your own character) After you burn the erdtree, she moves to the fire place in the round table. She asks you to speak to smithing Master Hewg and try to convince him to leave the roundtable.\n\nDialogue in Elden Ring: Roderika\nTip: Talk to her several times when you find her at Stormhill Shack until she gives you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes.\nIntroduction\n\n"Everyone's...been grafted. Everyone who came with me.They crossed the sea for me. They fought, for me.Heh... Only to have their arms taken. Their legs taken.Even their heads...taken. Taken and stuck to the spider.Did you know? If you're grafted by the spider, you become a chrysalid.It's quite the lark, when you think about it."\n\nWhen visiting at Stormhill Shack\n\n"You're all on your own, are you? And heading to Stormveil Castle?Enticed by the one in the white mask, I suppose.Oh, you've come to be one with the spider?Well, that makes us two peas in a pod. But I don't have your courage.It's scary, you know. Having your arms cut off. Or legs. Or your head.I want to be like everyone else, but I'm just too scared.I'm nothing but a craven."\n"Oh, I know. Can you take this little one along with you?"[Gives you the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes]"The poor thing deserves someone braver than myself...And the spirits look rather fondly upon you.It'll be glad of your company, I think, the little'un".\n"It was a pleasure to see you.Oh, can you pass on a message for me, if you see the little chrysalids in Stormveil Castle?Tell them I love them. And that, despite my craven heart, I'm sure I'll be joining their club soon enough.I'm finally getting the hang of this whole "pain" thing, you know."\n"A pleasure to see you.Did you give the little chrysalids the message?That I love them. And that, despite my craven heart, I'm sure I'll be joining their club soon enough".\n\nUpon receiving Chrysalids' Memento\n\n"What's this? A keepsake? From my men?Oh, goodness me... I can't... They all...believed in me.They all thought I'd make something of myself. Me! Who can't do anything...I think I'll head to the Roundtable Hold. Perhaps I'll find my purpose there".\n\nUpon attacking / rolling / jumping\n\n"You're willing to make me a chrysalid? Ah, but I'm still a milksop craven... I can't even govern myself to step beyond the bounds of this ward. Please. You're only wasting your strength."\n"I know you you must feel. But please, I'm not ready. Or are you like me? You're so far out of your mind with fear? You've divested yourself of all reason?"\n"Please stop. Even if you persist, your fear will not abate."\n\nAt Roundtable Hold\n\n"Greetings. Nice to see you again.My name is Roderika. I should have told you sooner. Isn't this place impressive, though?The Roundtable Hold, covert quarters of the Two Fingers, and gathering place of champions who vie to become Elden Lord.I never knew the guidance bestowed upon us Tarnished had such fantastic roots.Although, it's all a bit much for me, in truth. I'm still looking for my own purpose".\n"Oh, and... Please, allow to me to express my thanks. For giving me that keepsake from my men.It was as if I was frozen with self-pity. I failed them at every turn. You have my gratitude.Please, take this".[Gives you x1 Golden Seed]\nIt's all a bit much for me, in truth.I'm still looking for my own purpose.\n\nAfter asking Smithing Master Hewg about her\n\n"A pleasure to see you. Thank goodness you're safe. I'm still looking for my own purpose.It's not easy, by any means, but it's what I must do."\n(Tell her what the blacksmith said) "You're telling me I possess some kind of gift? I don't believe you. But...If I do have this talent, and goodness knows it would be my first...I suppose I should try to hone it. Shouldn't I? I'll ask Master Hewg to teach me.Certainly, he does appear intimidating, and holds no love for us Tarnished...But I know he's trapped here, at the Roundtable Hold... So...I can tell. He's a gentle soul, underneath it all".\n"If I do have a talent for spirit tuning, and goodness knows that would be a surprise...I suppose I should try to hone it. Shouldn't I? I'll ask Master Hewg to teach me".\n\nNext visit after asking Smithing Master Hewg to take care of her\n\n"Good to see you again. Thank you very much!I have you to thank, don't I? For persuading Master Hewg?I can happily announce that he has taught me the noble toil of spirit tuning.I'm as yet unsure of what I might be able to accomplish, but if I might be any help to you all, I'd certainly like to try.And if there's an chance to ease the suffering of my dear men who were grafted..Well, I certainly must try.Roderika the spirit tuner prentice. Pleased to make your acquaintance".\n\nPlease (only available if you didn't receive the Spirit Jellyfish Ashes in Stormhill)\n\n"I'd like to ask you a small favour. Can you take this little one along with you?They can't be summoned here. But the spirits look rather fondly upon you.It'll be glad of your company, I think, the little'un."[Gives you Spirit Jellyfish Ashes]\n\nAfter a certain amount of Spirit Tuning\n\n"I feel like I'm really coming to grips with spirit tuning of late.I can understand their yearnings, what they become drawn to...Master Hewg said it himself, actually, that I'm no mere prentice any longerOnce again, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. Roderika the certified spirit tuner".\n\nWhen visiting at Roundtable Hold\n\n"Greetings. Are you here for spirit tuning?"\n\n§After burning the Erdtree\n\n"Take a look around. The Roundtable Hold is burned. Razed to the ground.Don't worry, I don't blame you. I'll continue sprit tuning just the same as before.Which is why I need your help persuading Master Hewg to leave.His roots are so knotted in this place. He won't last much longer if he stays here...His shackles are broken. He's a free man, now. It's high time he put the Roundtable behind him"\n\nNext visit after speaking to Smithing Master Hewg\n\n"So Master Hewg won't listen to you, either.You have my thanks, regardless.I'll try and talk him round next time.I know he was given this great entreaty; to craft a weapon which could slay a god.Though I can't help but think of it as a curse. A fearsome curse, put on him by Queen Marika.And if that's the case, I'm not sure there's anything we can do"\n\n§After completing Crumbling Farum Azula and speaking to Hewg\n\n"Ah. So it wasn't just me this happened to... To think he'd forget who you were, as well.I knew he'd burn himself out, old Hewg.I think we could talk him into leaving the Roundtable Hold, now.But maybe it's better that we don't. It's only proper that we respect his choice to stay."\n"I'll remain with Hewg. He made me who I am today.I'd like to return the kindness, in whatever small way I can."\n"Please, become Elden Lord. Hewg was always saying that you were a Lord, to him.So slay her, with the weapons he smithed. Slay the god, Marika, who cursed us all."\n\nThere's something you should know (the first time Dung Eater visits the Roundtable Hold)\n\n"A little while ago someone started lurking in the wing on the opposite side of the roundtable.And I can hear, from all the way over there... The howling and wailing of spirits in fear of a curse. I can ever hear the repulsive, twisted malison itself... A plethora of spirits in an unceasing cacophony...I can't even imagine. How much suffering, inflicted to who knows how many souls...You should keep your distance, I know you're strong, but please."\n\nAbout the spirits' voices (after Dung Eater leaves the Roundtable Hold)\n\n"I suppose the Dung Eater must have left the Roundtable.I just pray nothing ill comes of this."\n\nPlease take care (when Dung eater comes back to the Roundtable Hold)\n\n"He's back. The Dung Eater. Again.I can hear them; the spirits as they howl and lament in fear of the curse.And worse than ever, the reverberation of the twisted malison itself.But after all this time, I've started to grasp it now.I can hear, in the malison, another fearsome Order."\n\nAbout the spirits' voices (after Dung Eater's quest ends and he leaves the Roundtable Hold for a second time)\n\n"But it isn't like last time.I'm almost certain...the spirits have escaped their confinement.Did you...have anything to do with it, I wonder?"\n\nElden Ring Roderika Notes & Trivia\n\nEven if you miss the Chrysalids' Memento, it's still possible to fully complete her questline without drawbacks. Simply proceed with the rest of the questline as normal. If she's not available in Roundtable Hold, simply check back at Stormveil Shack every once in a while and see if she's still there or not. If she's no longer there, then you can push forward her questline regardless of the Chrysalids' Memento.\nLeveling any spirit ashes to +4 (doesn't matter if the ashes are special or not), will give you a Talk option, where she proclaims that she is no longer an apprentice, and gives you the Curtsy gesture.\nA golden barrier is protecting her at her first location if rolling, jumping or attacking (near) her.\ntraveling to Liurnia using the side path around the castle does not trigger Roderika to leave from the stormveil shack. Even activating and resting at a site of grace in caelid will not trigger the event of her leaving. Even traveling to roundhold table does not make her leave. However activating a site of grace in Liurnia does however make her leave to Roundhold table. The only downside as far as i know off is that you will not get the crimson hood because finishing the quest line is a prerequisite. Traveling to Altus Plateau by using the Dectus lift and activating and resting at a site of grace there will not trigger the event of her leaving, it seems to only affect Liurnia. this can be useful if you want certain items in Altus Plateau or Liurnia without disturbing her quest line, just make sure to never activate a site of grace in Liurnia.\n\nRoderika Image Gallery \n\nElden Ring NPCs\n\nAbandoned Merchant Siofra River  ♦  Aeonian Spirit  ♦  Aeonian Swamp Spirit  ♦  Albinauric Village Spirit  ♦  Albus  ♦  Ashen Spirit  ♦  Blackguard Big Boggart  ♦  Blaidd  ♦  Bloody Finger Hunter Yura  ♦  Boc the Seamster  ♦  Brother Corhyn  ♦  Carian Manor Spirit  ♦  D's Twin Brother  ♦  D, Hunter of the Dead  ♦  Deathtouched Spirit  ♦  Diallos  ♦  Dung Eater  ♦  Eclipse Spirit  ♦  Edgar  ♦  Enia  ♦  Ensha  ♦  Erdtree Sanctuary Spirit  ♦  Fia  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina  ♦  Frenzied Spirit  ♦  Frustrated Spirit  ♦  Gate Town Bridge Spirit  ♦  Gatekeeper Gostoc  ♦  Gideon Ofnir  ♦  Godwyn the Golden  ♦  Goldmask  ♦  Gowry  ♦  Grape Spirit  ♦  Gurranq Beast Clergyman  ♦  Hermit Merchant  ♦  Hyetta  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant  ♦  Irina  ♦  Iron Fist Alexander  ♦  Isolated Merchant Raya Lucaria  ♦  Isolated Merchants  ♦  Jar Bairn  ♦  Kenneth Haight  ♦  Kingsrealm Spirit  ♦  Knight Bernahl  ♦  Laiedd Spirit  ♦  Latenna  ♦  Lionel the Lionhearted  ♦  Liurnian Highway Spirit  ♦  Liurnian Lake Spirit  ♦  Lost Snow Spirit  ♦  Master Lusat  ♦  Melina  ♦  Merchant Kale  ♦  Millicent  ♦  Millicent's Sisters  ♦  Miquella  ♦  Miriel Pastor of Vows  ♦  Morne Spirit  ♦  Nepheli Loux  ♦  Nomadic Merchant Mohgwyn Palace  ♦  Nomadic Merchant West Altus Plateau  ♦  Nomadic Merchants  ♦  Patches  ♦  Pidia, Carian Servant  ♦  Preceptor Seluvis  ♦  Primeval Sorcerer Azur  ♦  Queen Marika  ♦  Ranni the Witch  ♦  Renna  ♦  Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)  ♦  Rya  ♦  Rykard  ♦  Sanguine Noble (NPC)  ♦  Shabriri  ♦  Shaded Castle Spirit  ♦  Siofra River Spirit  ♦  Smithing Master Hewg  ♦  Sorcerer Rogier  ♦  Sorceress Sellen  ♦  Stranded Graveyard Spirit  ♦  Study Hall Spirit  ♦  Tanith  ♦  The Great-Jar  ♦  The Two Fingers  ♦  Thops  ♦  Three Fingers  ♦  Tower of Return Spirit  ♦  Twin Maiden Husks  ♦  Two Fingers  ♦  Volcano Manor Spirit  ♦  Wandering Artist Spirit  ♦  War Counselor Iji  ♦  White Mask Varre  ♦  Windmill Spirit  ♦  Witch-Hunter Jerren\n\n

QUESTION
How can I complete Roderika's quest in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Complete Roderika's quest in Elden Ring by obtaining the Chrysalids' Memento from Rampart Tower, giving it to her, triggering her relocation to Roundtable Hold, and assisting her in becoming a Spirit Tuner apprentice through interactions with Smithing Master Hewg.
