CONTEXT
\n\n Hidden Path to the Haligtree \n\nThe secret passage leading to the Haligtree has been overrun by the Vulgar Militia, seeking to ambush any who try to cross.\n\nHidden Path to the Haligtree is a Location in Elden Ring. The Hidden Path to the Haligtree is found in the Forbidden Lands. This location is accessed by activating the Grand Lift of Rold with both the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) and Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right).\n\nHidden Path to the Haligtree Map\nYou will need to obtain Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) and Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right).When both parts are obtained, visit the Grand Lift of Rold and activate the medallion (switch action to "hoist secret medallion").\n[Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Hidden Path to the Haligtree\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants in this area.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Hidden Path to the Haligtree\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nWarming Stone\nFreezing Grease\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGrave Glovewort [9]\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nSilver Scarab\nSpelldrake Talisman +2\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nBlackflame Monk Amon Ashes\nDeathroot\n\nElden Ring Hidden Path to the Haligtree Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGiant Land Octopus\nLand Octopus\nVulgar Militiamen\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nStray Mimic Tear\n\nHidden Path to the Haligtree Walkthrough\nInside the Hidden Path to the Haligtree, there are two paths you can take. The main path which leads you to the Consecrated Snowfield which is your main goal, and a second path that leads underneath, deeper into the catacombs to some treasure and an optional boss.\nTo the Consecrated Snowfield\nAfter opening the gates, you'll arrive in a large hall with a large staircase to your left and a small chapel straight ahead in front of you. In this chapel, there's a body holding a Warming Stone by the altar. Beware, however, of the two Land Octopuses and a single Giant Land Octopus that will drop down from above the chapel.\nBack in the main hall, make your way up the stairs while fighting off a couple of Vulgar Militants. Note the broken section of railing to your left at the midpoint of the staircase. There is an invisible walkway below that you can reach by dropping down from here. Ignore it for now and continue along the staircase.\n\nAt the top of the steps, another Giant Land Octopus will drop down from below. Past that, head up another set of steps and you'll come across two Land Octopuses on your left guarding a Grave Glovewort [9]. On your right is another set of stairs leading up to the Site of Grace, followed by the exit that leads you to Consecrated Snowfield.\n\nTo the Secret Catacombs\nFrom the Site of Grace, make your way back down the staircase in the main hall and stand where the broken section of railing is, it will be on your right hand side if you're coming down the stairs (from the site of grace), or on your left hand side if you are coming up from the original entrance. See image below.\n\nLooking down, you should be able to see an alcove along the walls across the pit. Walk to the ledge and drop a Rainbow Stone or Glowstone, etc., to ensure solid landing. Walk forward to drop to the invisible floor. Once on the invisible floor, you can move straight ahead into the alcove. Again, refer to the image below.\n\nThose finding themselves gripped with paranoia, you can continue to use Rainbow Stones, Glowstones, Rainbow Stone Arrows, Wave of Gold and/ or Hoarfrost Stomp to ensure proper footing. (-Sidenote: If you can spare the FP, Hoarfrost Stomp will only populate the ground with visual icicles on level/ solid surfaces and, as such, this Ash of War is extremely useful here, further in, and in navigating any invisible floor/ entry into the Heretical Rise.- end side note). Now that you've entered the alcove, turn right, there's a Grave Glovewort (9) to pick up and behind it, an illusory wall.\n\nDispel the wall to find a chest with the Silver Scarab talisman. After taking the loot, look through the alcove's doorway and you should see another alcove straight across. You can walk along the invisible pathway to get to it but note that the pathway is not completely straight so adjust slightly to the left as you approach the central pillars so that you are right in the middle of them. \n\nIf you are having trouble finding your way, consider using Rainbow Stones or shoot arrows and bolts to mark safe sections to walk on. If playing online, there is likely a lot of player messages and bloodstains that would serve the same purpose. Through the alcove is a small room with a couple of Vulgar Militants and a corpse with 3x Sacramental Bud.  Carefully exit the room and look towards the west where you'll see another doorway in the distance.\n\nAlign yourself with it and walk straight ahead. The path slants downwards slightly. This alcove contains two more Vulgar Militants, with one hiding behind the door frame to the right, waiting to ambush as you pass by. There is another Grave Glovewort (9) by the wall at the end.\nExiting the room, look to your right and you should see a balcony below with a corpse.\n\nYou can simply jump down here from the invisible walkway. Loot the corpse for a Hero's Rune (1). Behind the corpse are two window sills, jump onto one of them, and if you have ranged attacks, you can safely take out the Giant Land Octopus hovering above the next room, as well as the Vulgar Militants below it.  On the north side of the wall, underneath a statue, is a lever. Pull it to open a boss door.\n\nThen, turn around and head south down to the stairs. There are 6 Land Octopuses at the foot of the steps. There is a room behind the steps with several Vulgar Militants as well.. Leave the room and head through the narrow hallway opposite to find the boss room. There is a Stakes of Marika here, so you are fairly safe. Before entering the boss room, turn right and follow the corridor up to find a lift. Take it all the way up and check the corpse in the alcove for the upgraded Spelldrake Talisman +2. Head back down the lift and back to the boss door.\nBoss: Stray Mimic Tear\nThe boss is the Stray Mimic Tear which shouldn't pose too much trouble, especially if you are using sorcery or incantations. It drops Blackflame Monk Amon spirit ashes. There is also a chest in the back with a Deathroot inside.. Either use the teleporter or exit the room and take the elevator on your left to leave the area and enter the Consecrated Snowfield.\n\nElden Ring Hidden Path to the Haligtree Gallery and Notes \n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
Why is the Haligtree hidden and protected by the Vulgar Militia, and what significance does it hold within the Forbidden Lands?

ANSWER
The Haligtree is hidden and protected by the Vulgar Militia to prevent intruders from reaching the Consecrated Snowfield, a crucial area with valuable items, creatures, and bosses in Elden Ring.
