CONTEXT
\n\n Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel \n\nOne of the vast networks of tunnels used prominently for the academy's crystal mining operation.\n\nRaya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel is a Location in Elden Ring. The Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel is found in northeastern Liurnia of the Lakes. This location is easily accessed on foot or on horseback by following the waters to the northeastern shore. The entrance is found deep within the cliff face, directly east of a Walking Mausoleum.\n\nRaya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel Map\nTo locate Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel, follow the eastern lake shores towards the north. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants at this location\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nCracked Crystal\nGlintstone Scrap\nGolden Rune (3)\nLarge Glintstone Scrap\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSmithing Stone (1)\nSmithing Stone (2)\nSmithing Stone (3)\nSomber Smithing Stone (1)\nSomber Smithing Stone (2)\nSomber Smithing Stone (3)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCrystal Knife\nShatter Earth\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nSmithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing (1) (Crystalians Drop)\n\nElden Ring Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGlintstone Miner\nMarionette Soldier\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nCrystalian (Ringblade)\n\nRaya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel Walkthrough\nTwo things to note right off the bat:1) I explored the first floor of this place when I first found it so I might be missing a few items. I'll make a note when I'm missing an item.2) This area took me about an hour to get through because I wasn't using a magic imbued weapon. I highly recommend using one. Throughout most of this mine the only enemies attacking you are the Digger guards watching over the Diggers and the Marionette soldiers. The Diggers will not attack unless either you hit them or steal the material they are mining.\nThe Crystalized enemies in this dungeon have a rare chance to drop Somber Smithing Stone (2)\nWith that out of the way let's begin. When first entering the mine you'll find an elevator. Going down it will put you in front of the Site of Grace for this area. On the way down the elevator you might notice two doorways on the left side of the wall. If you want to reach these, go back up the elevator and destroy the boxes on the left right before you get on the elevator then jump down. Be careful because if you fall you will die. In the first doorway you will find x1 Cracked Crystal. Following the ledge left drop down and enter the next doorway. You'll get 3 Cracked Crystals. Continue following the ledges down. There are lamps to guide you. At the bottom of the elevator, before you head through the doorway, look behind you and grab the x2 Cracked Crystal that are in the corners.\nHeading through the tunnel in front of the elevator will lead you to a fork in the path. Going right will bring you to a chest guarded by two Diggers. One of which will patrol the area. Inside the chest you'll find Somber Smithing Stone (2) 1x, and a Somber Smithing Stone (3) behind the raised icon. You can grab 4 Cracked Crystals from this room. Going to the left will lead you to an open area with one Digger on the left and three on the right. One of the Diggers on the right is patrolling the area while the other two are mining. You'll notice a support beam in the area. If you cross it you can jump on the wooden ledges that are jutting out. Near the top grab the Smithing Stone [3]. At the top you'll find a corpse with one Somber Smithing Stone [3]. This room holds six Cracked Crystals.\nIn the next room, looking to the right you'll notice another Digger sitting down. Down the first set of stairs are two more Diggers who are also sitting down. They will attack you when you near them, just like the previous one who was sitting. After killing them look to your right. You should see a Digger and a path that leads to a small room. Be careful when attacking the Digger outside of it because one from beneath the stairs will attack you. The small room holds 2 Smithing Stone [3]. One on a wall to the left and one on a corpse to the right. Going behind the stairs you'll find a corpse with 1 Golden Rune [3]. This room contains a total of sixteen Cracked Crystals and a further Smithing Stone [3]. Exiting this room leads you to an elevator with more ledges. Just like last time, stick to the left. You'll find a tunnel that leads to a ledge with  Somber Smithing Stone [2] and x2 Cracked Crystal. Either return to the elevator shaft or carefully drop below to access a corpse with a Somber Smithing Stone (3).\nEither path connects you to a cavern with another support beam and another elevator. Before crossing the beam, kill the Digger on your left and grab the Smithing Stone [2]. After crossing the beam, kill the patrolling Digger but don't go up the stairs. Instead go to the right of them and grab the Smithing Stone [3]. Go up the stairs and kill the other Digger that is patrolling, then take the elevator up so you have a shortcut if you die. This level holds eight Cracked Crystals, one Smithing Stone [3], and one Smithing Stone [2] in total.\nBe careful going through the tunnel leading out because a Marionette soldier will run out of the room to your right and attack you with four daggers. Kill him quickly if possible. Before going into the room they came out of look at the other doorway and look up. You'll notice two more Marionette soldiers hanging waiting to attack you. Getting close will make them fall. Both have two bows each and can be annoying if not dealt with quickly. The room the first Marionette soldier came out of holds three Smithing Stone (1) and one Smithing Stone [2]. Going through the other doorway where the two Marionette soldiers dropped down from leads you to another section with two doors. As soon as you pass the doorway on the right look up and you'll see another Marionette soldier wielding bows. They won't drop down until you attack them or the other two Marionette soldiers in the room. The two on the ground both wield daggers and are guarding a chest. Kill them then the archer if you haven't yet. The chest holds a Crystal Knife.\nGo through the doorway that has a tunnel in view. The first level has no enemies on it. Go down the first set of stairs and kill the Digger. After you killed him look to the left. You should see three Diggers in a circle and two Crystal Sorcerers. Take out the sorcerers first. They have more health than the Diggers and the Diggers here won't attack you unless you attack them first. After dealing with the sorcerers, kill the three Diggers in a circle and collect the three Smithing Stone [3] and the Somber Smithing Stone [1]. There are two more Diggers in this area. After killing them all (if you want to) you can collect the eight Cracked Crystals, the Smithing Stone [2], and the Smithing Stone [3]. The last two smithing stones can be found in the collapsed tunnel in the back of the room. Looking north from the bottom of the stairs, there is a tunnel with the Shatter Earth  sorcery on the right side.\nThe tunnel in front of the stairs leads you to an elevator. To the left of it, after you break the items there, jumping down will lead you to a small tunnel with a Somber Smithing Stone [3]. Once at the bottom of the elevator you'll sell the golden boss fog, but pick up the Somber Smithing Stone [1] to your left first. If you want to go back to the Site of Grace to rest and take the elevators you found along the way down.\nBOSS FIGHT:\nThis boss is the Crystalian. It's moves are easy to predict and you can summon spirits to help you. You won't be doing much damage in the beginning until their armor breaks at half health.  Strike weapons like maces and clubs will do a lot more damage in that first phase.  After their armor breaks at half health all weapons will do full damage again. Getting hit with one of her throwing blades seemed to cause one resembling it to show around my wrist allowing me to do full damage.\nSpirit Ashes like Banished Knight Engvall Ashes can help keep the boss stunlocked.\nElden Ring Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What are the items that can be gathered and farmed in Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel?

ANSWER
Cracked Crystal, Glintstone Scrap, Golden Rune (3), Large Glintstone Scrap, Smithing Stone (1), Smithing Stone (2), Smithing Stone (3), Somber Smithing Stone (1), Somber Smithing Stone (2), Somber Smithing Stone (3)
