CONTEXT
\n\n Guardians' Garrison \n\nGuardian's Garrison is staffed by the Flame Guardians, who zealously watch the road leading to the Giant's Forge\n\nGuardians' Garrison  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Guardians' Garrison  is found in Mountaintops of the Giants, on the higher areas connecting the northeastern frozen lake to the Giant's Forge.\n\nGuardians' Garrison Map\nPast the frozen northeastern lake, find the Whiteridge Road site of Grace, and follow the path south. Elden Ring Map here.\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Guardians' Garrison\n\nNo NPCs or Merchants found in this location.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Guardians' Garrison\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nFire Blossom\nSmoldering Butterfly\nGolden Rune (10)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\n1x Smithing Stone (7)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nOne-Eyed Shield\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nGiant's Prayerbook\nStonesword Key\n\nElden Ring Guardians' Garrison Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nFire Monk\nFlame Guardian\nRat\nRotten Stray\nFire Prelate\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nChief Guardian Arghanthy\n\nGuardians' Garrison Walkthrough\nFrom the White Ridge Road Site of Grace, you can make your way towards the Garrison, weaving through the wooden barricades. You can ignore most of the enemies here as they do not aggro unless very close. However, there is a Flame Monk guarding the main staircase into the garrison. You can run past him and fight him from atop the stairs where you have the higher ground. Inside the fort, head out the balcony and kill the Rotten Stray on the right. Check behind the crates on the opposite side for a corpse with a Golden Rune (10). Head back inside and take out the Rotten Stray near the camp and then engage the Flame Guardian. These guardians aren't overly difficult and they are highly susceptible to sorcery spells.\nGo up the steps ahead and check the corpse by the brazier for 6x Smolderin' Butterfly. There are a couple of Rats in this area as well. Jump down the ledge opposite the corpse with the brazier and climb the ladder behind you to reach the upper floor. Follow the wooden walkway and head up the steps at the end to find another Flame Guardian. There is another one at the very end of this walkway. Check the corpse at the end for a Smithing Stone (7). Backtrack a bit and look for a broken section of the Garrison's walls where you can jump through onto a wooden platform outside. Follow this platform around the tower to reach the top floor of the garrison where you will find Chief Guardian Arghanthy waiting. In the tower to the left of the entrance to this platform, there is a pair of Strays. Deal with these before fighting the boss, or find a way to avoid them entirely.\nArghanthy is a very difficult opponent that uses some very advanced fire spells. His most dangerous one is a flame burst that he uses when players get too near, dealing massive damage at close range. He also has a long flamethrower spell that has decent tracking but can be sidestepped. Finally, when he plunges his hands into the ground, stay clear of the immediate area as flame pillars will burst forth from below. Consider using fire protective gear and consumables when fighting this opponent, as well as powerful Spirit Summons to distract him. Upon defeat, he will drop his One-Eyed Shield.\nAfter defeating Arghanthy, head inside the tower he came out of in the southwest and climb up the ladder. At the top is a chest containing the Giant's Prayerbook.\n\nElden Ring Guardians' Garrison Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can players efficiently defeat Chief Guardian Arghanthy in the Guardians' Garrison in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Use sorcery spells, fire protective gear, and powerful Spirit Summons while avoiding his close-range attacks and flame bursts to efficiently defeat Chief Guardian Arghanthy in the Guardians' Garrison in Elden Ring.
