CONTEXT
\n\n Redmane Knight Ogha \n\nType\nSpirit Summon\n\nFP Cost 106\nHP Cost -\n\nEffect \n\n        Summons spirit of Redmane Knight Ogha \n\nRedmane Knight Ogha  is a summonable Spirit  in Elden Ring. Redmane Knight Ogha Ashes are used to summon the spirit of Ogha, the Redmane Knight.\nRedmane Knights can also be found as Enemies in Elden Ring. For more information, see Redmane Knight.\n\nLegendary ashen remains. Use to summon the spirit of Ogha, the Redmane Knight.  Spirit of a mighty knight versed in the use of a greatbow. A valiant warrior who will attack immediately after being summoned.  The longest-serving member of the Redmane Knights, Ogha studied techniques to manipulate gravity alongside Radahn. May use a rain of gravitational arrows in response to a war cry, but only once.\n\nWhere to find Redmane Knight Ogha\nWhere to Find Redmane Knight Ogha \n\nDropped by the Putrid Tree Spirit in the War-Dead Catacombs located in eastern Caelid. To find the entrance of the catacombs, travel to the site of grace that appears after defeating Starscourge Radahn and proceed to head north by north east until you have reached the upper most corner of the area, where the watershore meets the cliffside. You'll be able to see the small door along the cliffside. [Map Link]\n\nElden Ring Redmane Knight Ogha Guide\n\nIf the player uses the War Cry skill, he will roar in response, gain a temporary damage buff, and then fire a rain of arrows that travels in a line. They will only use this rain of arrows attack once per summon period. However, the player can use the War Cry skill again at any time to have him roar in response and gain a temporary damage buff (provided the buff is not currently active). This ability is also triggered by using the skills Barbaric Roar, Braggart's Roar, Beast's Roar, Troll's Roar, and Shriek of Milos.\nUnlike most spirit ashes, Ogha does not follow you around after being summoned. He will instead patrol in a small area around his point of summoning. He can be made to move out of his patrol zone, if an enemy gets close enough to cause him to switch out his greatbow for a sword and pursue them. If his target then dies, the area he immediately occupies will become his new patrol zone. Given this peculiar trait, he is better used for boss fights and not as an escort through a zone. He can be manually directed using thrown Cursed-Blood Pots either at the ground or enemies.\nOgha mostly fights using gravity magic charged greatbow shots, but will switch to normal greatbow shots and sword swings (including the Ash of War skill Lion's Claw) if an enemy draws close enough.\nOgha will attack any enemies on sight, without the player needing to gain the enemy's aggression first.\n\nElden Ring Spirits\n\nAlbinauric Ashes  ♦  Ancestral Follower Ashes  ♦  Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff Ashes  ♦  Archer Ashes  ♦  Avionette Soldier Ashes  ♦  Azula Beastman Ashes  ♦  Banished Knight Engvall Ashes  ♦  Banished Knight Oleg Ashes  ♦  Battlemage Hugues Ashes  ♦  Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes  ♦  Bloodhound Knight Floh  ♦  Clayman Ashes  ♦  Cleanrot Knight Finlay Ashes  ♦  Crystalian Ashes  ♦  Demi-Human Ashes  ♦  Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes  ♦  Dolores the Sleeping Arrow Puppet  ♦  Dung Eater Puppet  ♦  Fanged Imp Ashes  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet  ♦  Fire Monk Ashes  ♦  Giant Rat Ashes  ♦  Glintstone Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Godrick Soldier Ashes  ♦  Greatshield Soldier Ashes  ♦  Haligtree Soldier Ashes  ♦  Jarwight Puppet  ♦  Kindred of Rot Ashes  ♦  Land Squirt Ashes  ♦  Latenna The Albinauric  ♦  Leyndell Soldier Ashes  ♦  Lhutel the Headless  ♦  Lone Wolf Ashes  ♦  Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes  ♦  Man-Serpent Ashes  ♦  Marionette Soldier Ashes  ♦  Mausoleum Soldier Ashes  ♦  Mimic Tear Ashes  ♦  Miranda Sprout Ashes  ♦  Nepheli Loux Puppet  ♦  Nightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets  ♦  Noble Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Nomad Ashes  ♦  Omenkiller Rollo  ♦  Oracle Envoy Ashes  ♦  Page Ashes  ♦  Perfumer Tricia Ashes  ♦  Putrid Corpse Ashes  ♦  Radahn Soldier Ashes  ♦  Raya Lucaria Soldier Ashes  ♦  Rotten Stray Ashes  ♦  Skeletal Bandit Ashes  ♦  Skeletal Militiaman Ashes  ♦  Soldjars of Fortune Ashes  ♦  Spirit Jellyfish Ashes  ♦  Stormhawk Deenh  ♦  Twinsage Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Vulgar Militia Ashes  ♦  Wandering Noble Ashes  ♦  Warhawk Ashes  ♦  Winged Misbegotten Ashes\n\n

QUESTION
How can players best utilize the unique behavior of Ogha, the Redmane Knight, in Elden Ring battles?

ANSWER
Players can best utilize Ogha, the Redmane Knight, by summoning him in boss fights, using skills like War Cry for attacks, manually directing him with Cursed-Blood Pots, and taking advantage of his gravity magic charged greatbow shots and aggressive behavior towards enemies in Elden Ring battles.
