CONTEXT
\n\n Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes \n\nType\nSpirit Summon\n\nFP Cost 115\nHP Cost -\n\nEffect \n\n        Summons spirit of Blackflame Monk Amon \n\nBlackflame Monk Amon Ashes is a Spirit and Summon in Elden Ring. Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes are used to summon the spirit of Amon, the Blackflame Monk.\nBlackflame Monks can also be found as Enemies in Elden Ring. For more information, see Blackflame Monk.\n\nAshen remains in which spirits yet dwell. Use to summon the spirit of Amon, the Blackflame Monk.  Amon swore fealty to the god-slaying black flame, and so became the first fire monk to turn traitor. Or perhaps it is better said that he fled from the Giants' Flame—out of cowardice.\n\nBlackflame Monk Amon Ashes Location in Elden Ring\nThe Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes can be found in the following location\n\nDropped by the Stray Mimic Tear boss located in the Hidden Path to the Haligtree. This boss is in the secret catacombs underneath the large staircase in the main hall, accessible by navigating a series of invisible walkways. See the dungeon page for details on how to reach the boss. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nElden Ring Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes Guide\n\nEssentially a direct upgrade of the Fire Monk Ashes. Though remember that 19 Mind is needed to use this Spirit, without FP increasing talismans.\nAmon frequently casts Godslayer Incantations, which deal fire damage and inflicts the same percentage based damge-over-time one would expect from that type of incantation. While his poise is somewhat low, all his blackflame moves have ridiculous hyperarmor and are rarely interrupted. \nAs such, he scales rather well into late game bosses even at lower upgrade levels, as percentage based damage doesn't scale with upgrade level and is powerful by default.\nIt is encouraged to upgrade Amon, of course, as he is not on the tanky side for a Spirit Ash, nor is he all that mobile, so he will need all the HP he can get.\nWorks best in tandem with a build that also employs Black Flame in some form, from incantations or Ashes of War, as this will ensure near constant uptime of the DOT. Frost builds will benefit from his assistance too, since he can easily clear frost to reproc again and again. \n\nElden Ring Spirits\n\nAlbinauric Ashes  ♦  Ancestral Follower Ashes  ♦  Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff Ashes  ♦  Archer Ashes  ♦  Avionette Soldier Ashes  ♦  Azula Beastman Ashes  ♦  Banished Knight Engvall Ashes  ♦  Banished Knight Oleg Ashes  ♦  Battlemage Hugues Ashes  ♦  Bloodhound Knight Floh  ♦  Clayman Ashes  ♦  Cleanrot Knight Finlay Ashes  ♦  Crystalian Ashes  ♦  Demi-Human Ashes  ♦  Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes  ♦  Dolores the Sleeping Arrow Puppet  ♦  Dung Eater Puppet  ♦  Fanged Imp Ashes  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet  ♦  Fire Monk Ashes  ♦  Giant Rat Ashes  ♦  Glintstone Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Godrick Soldier Ashes  ♦  Greatshield Soldier Ashes  ♦  Haligtree Soldier Ashes  ♦  Jarwight Puppet  ♦  Kindred of Rot Ashes  ♦  Land Squirt Ashes  ♦  Latenna The Albinauric  ♦  Leyndell Soldier Ashes  ♦  Lhutel the Headless  ♦  Lone Wolf Ashes  ♦  Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes  ♦  Man-Serpent Ashes  ♦  Marionette Soldier Ashes  ♦  Mausoleum Soldier Ashes  ♦  Mimic Tear Ashes  ♦  Miranda Sprout Ashes  ♦  Nepheli Loux Puppet  ♦  Nightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets  ♦  Noble Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Nomad Ashes  ♦  Omenkiller Rollo  ♦  Oracle Envoy Ashes  ♦  Page Ashes  ♦  Perfumer Tricia Ashes  ♦  Putrid Corpse Ashes  ♦  Radahn Soldier Ashes  ♦  Raya Lucaria Soldier Ashes  ♦  Redmane Knight Ogha Ashes  ♦  Rotten Stray Ashes  ♦  Skeletal Bandit Ashes  ♦  Skeletal Militiaman Ashes  ♦  Soldjars of Fortune Ashes  ♦  Spirit Jellyfish Ashes  ♦  Stormhawk Deenh  ♦  Twinsage Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Vulgar Militia Ashes  ♦  Wandering Noble Ashes  ♦  Warhawk Ashes  ♦  Winged Misbegotten Ashes\n\n

QUESTION
How can the player utilize the Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes in combat effectively?

ANSWER
The player can utilize Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes effectively in combat by pairing with Black Flame abilities for continuous DOT, upgrading Amon for more HP, and benefiting Frost builds due to his frost-clearing abilities, despite lacking mobility.
