CONTEXT
\n\n Fort Faroth \n\nFort Faroth used to house the guardians of Caelid, but its defenders have long fallen, now bound to earth as hostile spirits.\n\nFort Faroth  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Fort Faroth  is found in Dragonbarrow. Fort Faroth is located to the east, behind a gigantic dragon.\n\nFort Faroth Map\nForth Faroth is found by traveling East within Caelid's Dragonbarrow. See its exact location in the Elden Ring Map.\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Fort Faroth\n\nNo NPCs at this location\nNo Merchants at this location\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Fort Faroth\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGolden Rune (12)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nNo Upgrade materials at this location\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nRadagon's Soreseal\nStarlight Shards\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nDectus Medallion (Right)\nDragon Heart (Elder Dragon Greyoll Drop)\n\nElden Ring Fort Faroth Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nChanting Winged Dame\nGiant Bat\nRat\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nElder Dragon Greyoll\n\nFort Faroth Walkthrough\nOf note in this fort are the Dectus Medallion (Right) and the Radagon's Soreseal talisman.\nTo get the Dectus Medallion piece, head inside the main entrance and make your way through the dark room, fighting off the Giant Bats and Chanting Winged Dames. Beware as they are significantly tougher than any you've encountered in Limgrave. Once you reach the back of the room, climb the ladder to reach the top of the tower. There is a chest here containing the Medallion. It is one of two halves required to activate the Grand Lift of Dectus, with the other half being in Fort Haight in Mistwood.\nTo get Radagon's Soreseal, from the top of the tower with the Medallion, jump off onto the main roof, kill the Spectral Knight enemies, then drop down onto the wooden platform from the second smaller square opening on the top of the fort (it has a ladder to climb down, but you can just jump down). You then proceed on the wooden platform where you encounter a small rat. After killing it, you would need to make a running jump onto another wooden platform (perpendicular to the current one you're on) where you encounter a small rat and giant rat. After disposing them, just follow the path and ladder down to retrieve Radagon's Soreseal.\nElder Dragon Greyoll can also be found laying on the fields just west of the fort. She can easily be killed by equipping any Weapons or Skills that proc the bleed effect. She will not engage you but you should only attack her from her tail. Otherwise her lesser dragon underlings will attack. Killing Greyoll will yield 5 Dragon Hearts and also unlock Elder Dragon Greyoll's Roar at the Cathedral of Dragon Communion.\n\nElden Ring Fort Faroth Gallery and Notes\nRune Farming Guide\nThis is a great rune farming location for Level 70ish players.\nIf you just clear the lower bat area it will net you ~10k in 3 minutes. Get another ~10k if you go up the ladder to the top area and kill the blue soldiers. Once you are comfortable, you can eat a Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot for even more.\nI'm melee and this is how I do it:\n\nEquip some damage talismans and your highest damage weapon with GRAVITAS! Ash of War (very important!).\n2x FP flasks is enough\nOutside the entrance, summon a tanky Spirt Summon. I use Engvall +5. Buff yourself and get full mana.\nEnter and stand behind first pillar in the center. The bat on the ceiling will drop and scream but the post will block the damage. Engvall will stun it, so lock on and kill.\nStraight ahead is a wood wall separating you from the rest of the area. On the other side the bats and Dames will be crawling slowing toward you behind the wall. Engvall will not them engage yet so stand behind the wall and GRAVITAS! That will suck everything to you and stun lock them, but they stay on the other side of the wall.\nEngvall will either go around and engage or fight through the wall. Either way is ok but behind the wall with you is better.\nNow use charged HEAVY attack as those will pass through the wall, but those Chanting Winged Dames can't grab you.\nSo GRAVITAS! heavies, more heavies, more GRAVITAS! repeat\nYou will get poisoned so have a cure handy. I use the incantation. Just don't worry too much about it as the effect takes awhile to build and then the DoT is kinda slow. But watch your HP bar, high HP is strongly recommended.\nWhen you hear a Dame scream start block or move as they do high damage. Or GRAVITAS!, that will shut them up.\nIf any make it around the wall you need to deal with them fast. If they are in the air GRAVITAS! to bring them down as their grab attack is a one shot. They poise break pretty easy but I can't get a crit hit when they are down so I just beat on them.\nOnce they are thinned out or if Engvall has moved to the middle area. Go behind the wall and help. Just spam GRAVITAS! to keep them flopping around on the ground. 2-3 hits then GRAVITAS! again. Repeat.\nEverything should die and Engvall should have about 50% health.\nThere is one bat near the door to the room with the ladder that takes you up to the medallion chest. It wont agro until you stand on the stairs to the door.\nSo before that cure any poison, heal to full and consume a mana flask.\nNow, lock on the bat and walk up the stairs. When he starts to move. Swing back behind the pillar right near him to block his scream.\nEngvall will engage and you just need to help finish it off.\nThat is the last enemy dead in the area and that will also fill your flasks.\nNow go back to the entrance and stand below where the BIG rat is above. (second panel from the left if facing the wood wall under him)\nCast GRAVITAS! and you should see him take damage.\nMove around the corner to the area under him where you would get jumped if you were up there. Look up through the floor and when you see him on the boards, GRAVITAS! He will take more damage.\nNow move into the open area and he should jump down from the ledge if you coaxed him properly.\nLock on and attack. Repeat attacks will breaks his poise and you can crit hit him. He drops over 1.2K runes.\nAt this point I go outside rest at the site of grace and repeat.\n\nOnce you are good at it this run takes about 3 mins, so a Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot will run out by now as well. If you want, you can go up the ladder and beat the blue ghost soldiers up there. They are easy except that big sword-wielding MF. Each drop about 1K runes and there are 8 I think. It is a long climb and the soldiers spawn too slow so I skip them.\nIf you die with a lot of runes just take it slow and methodically to get back to them. The Dames will one shot you if you just run in there. So abort and reset if it looks too hairy. Stay in the first area behind the wall and fight there if at all possible. It has an easy to escape route to the site of grace (figure out how to do it before hand as you can get on the wrong side of the fire wall).\nAll in all, this farming spot as its not too difficult if you have a good upgraded weapon, a good tanky +5 summon and are level 70ish. Low risk once you are comfortable. Always remember GRAVITAS!\n------------------------------------------------------\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can players efficiently farm runes at Fort Faroth in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players can efficiently farm runes at Fort Faroth in Elden Ring by clearing the lower bat area, then progressing to the top area to kill blue soldiers, using specific strategies detailed in the context.
