CONTEXT
\n\n Note: Miquella's Needle \n\nType\nInfo Item\n\nEffect \n\n        Note imparting knowledge in brief \n\nNote: Miquella's Needle is an Info Item in Elden Ring. Tutorial items provide information about how to add Skills to your Weapons, Crafting advices, Combat tips, and more. They can be obtained through exploration and looting, dropped by specific Enemies or Bosses, or purchased from NPCs\n\nNote written by a nomadic merchant succinctly detailing knowledge acquired.\n"The Empyrean Miquella crafted a needle to resist the influence of outer gods.\nThose who have inherited the flame of frenzy, yet wish not to become its lord would do well to seek Miquella's needle."\n\nWhere to find Note: Miquella's Needle in Elden Ring\nFrom the Cathedral of the Forsaken site of grace, made available after defeating Mohg, The Omen, attack the altar at the front of the boss room. It should lower itself revealing a new area. Continue through here until you are forced to parkour downwards using stone coffins as platforms. Near the bottom you will see a corpse that has an item on it. Carefully reach this platform and there will be an open area with more bodies and a tent. The Note can be looted off the ground after tent is destroyed. You can do that in 2 ways:- Around the corner is a shambling Nomad. Lure him out to the tent and get him to destroy it with his Inescapable Frenzy attack.- Quit-out while standing very close to tent and it will be destroyed after loading up. [Video Location]\n\nNote: Miquella's Needle Guide in Elden Ring \nThis note tells of Miquella's Needle, a remedy against the influence of the frenzied flame's influence.\n\nElden Ring Note: Miquella's Needle Notes & Tips\n\nYou can hold up to 1 Note: Miquella's Needle.\nYou cannot store Note: Miquella's Needle.\nSell Value: N/A\nNotes and player tips go here\n\nElden Ring Info Items\n\nAbout Adding Affinities  ♦  About Adding Skills  ♦  About Birdseye Telescopes  ♦  About Bows  ♦  About Combat With Spirit Ashes  ♦  About Containers  ♦  About Cooperative Multiplayer  ♦  About Crouching  ♦  About Death  ♦  About Dodging  ♦  About Duels  ♦  About Fast Travel to Sites of Grace  ♦  About Flask of Wondrous Physick  ♦  About Guard Counters  ♦  About Guarding  ♦  About Guidance of Grace  ♦  About Horseback Riding  ♦  About Hunter Multiplayer  ♦  About Invasion Multiplayer  ♦  About Item Crafting  ♦  About Marika's Effigy at the Roundtable  ♦  About Materials  ♦  About Monument Icon  ♦  About Multiplayer  ♦  About Pouches  ♦  About Requesting Help from Hunters  ♦  About Roundtable Hold  ♦  About Sites of Grace  ♦  About Skills  ♦  About Sorceries and Incantations  ♦  About Spiritspring Jumping  ♦  About Stakes of Marika  ♦  About Stance-Breaking  ♦  About Strengthening Armaments  ♦  About Summoning Other Players  ♦  About Summoning Pools  ♦  About Summoning Spirits  ♦  About Teardrop Scarabs  ♦  About the Cave Of Knowledge  ♦  About the Map  ♦  About United Combat and Combat Ordeals  ♦  About Vanquishing Enemy Groups  ♦  About Wielding Armaments  ♦  Carrier Pigeon Letter (1)  ♦  Carrier Pigeon Letter (2)  ♦  Champion's Song Painting  ♦  Flightless Bird Painting  ♦  Homing Instinct Painting  ♦  Knifeprint Clue  ♦  Letter from Volcano Manor  ♦  Letter to Bernahl  ♦  Letter to Patches  ♦  Meeting Place Map  ♦  Note: Below the Capital  ♦  Note: Demi-human Mobs  ♦  Note: Flame Chariots  ♦  Note: Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Note: Gateway  ♦  Note: Gravity's Advantage  ♦  Note: Great Coffins  ♦  Note: Hidden Cave  ♦  Note: Imp Shades  ♦  Note: Land Squirts  ♦  Note: Revenants  ♦  Note: Stonedigger Trolls  ♦  Note: The Lord of Frenzied Flame  ♦  Note: The Preceptor's Secret  ♦  Note: Unseen Assassins  ♦  Note: Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Note: Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Prophecy Painting  ♦  Red Letter  ♦  Rogier's Letter  ♦  Sellia's Secret  ♦  Sorcerer Painting  ♦  Weathered Map  ♦  Zorayas' Letter\n\n

QUESTION
Where can Miquella's Needle be found in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
From the Cathedral of the Forsaken site of grace, made available after defeating Mohg, The Omen, attack the altar at the front of the boss room. It should lower itself revealing a new area. Continue through here until you are forced to parkour downwards using stone coffins as platforms. Near the bottom, you will see a corpse that has an item on it. Carefully reach this platform and there will be an open area with more bodies and a tent. The Note can be looted off the ground after the tent is destroyed.
