CONTEXT
\n\n Melina メリナ \n\nLocation\nThe beginning of the Tarnished's journey.\n\nRole\nMaiden\n\nVoiced by\nMartha Mackintosh\n\nMelina is an NPC in Elden Ring who acts as a guide to the player throughout the game's narrative. She is a mysterious young lady seen in an opening cutscene with Torrent, the Spirit Steed, and first met at the beginning of the Tarnished's journey. Melina wears a black robe and approaches players while they are resting at different Sites of Grace. She offers guidance throughout the game, grants the ability to level up and teleports you to certain key areas. She also later becomes available as an NPC Summon.\n\nI can play the role of maiden. Turning rune fragments into strength. To aid you in your search for the Elden Ring. You need only take me with you.\n\nMelina Location in Elden Ring\n\nMelina will reveal herself at different Sites of Grace along the game's storyline. The player is also able to converse with her via a "Talk to Melina" option when sitting at other Sites of Grace even when she does not automatically appear.\nMelina is first met after resting at Gatefront Site of Grace, by Gatefront Ruins or another overland Limgrave Site of Grace, after activating a certain number of them. Other potential Sites of Grace: Church of Elleh, Seaside Ruins, and Agheel Lake South.\nWhen activating a Site of Grace on the overland that is located outside of Limgrave and Weeping Peninsula, resting upon one will trigger dialogue after which Melina will transport the player to the Roundtable Hold. The common Sites of Grace that trigger this are the Lake-Facing Cliffs in Liurnia of the Lakes, and Sellia Under-Stair or Smoldering Church in Caelid. These locations can be accessed relatively early if the player knows how to reach them. (Sellia Under-Stair can be reached the earliest, through a transporter trap chest in a basement cellar in Dragon-Burnt Ruins that brings the player to Sellia Crystal Tunnel, from which they can exit to find the Sellia Under-Stair Site of Grace).\nNPC Summon: Morgott, the Omen King. Progress in the Melina questline until she leaves. Her summon sign is at the top of the stairs on the right, in front of the fog gate. She wields the Blade of Calling and uses Erdtree/healing incantations.\n\nMelina Questline: How to complete Melina's Quest\n(Melina does not have a traditional completable "NPC Quest", since she's so strongly tied with the "Main Quest" of the game, but the following lists the opportunities for interaction)\n\nAfter resting at a Site of Grace (outside of the Church of Elleh) on the overland, Melina will manifest herself and reflect on the absence of a guidance during your journey so far, appearing out of the air with a blueish aura around her. Melina proposes an accord: to act as your "maiden", that is, as a guide throughout your journey, for you are "maidenless". In exchange, she requests you take her with you to the Erdtree. She volunteers to "turn your Runes into strength", enabling you to level up your character. She will also bequeath a ring, the Spectral Steed Whistle, allowing you to summon the spectral steed Torrent who has "chosen you".\nAt the next Site of Grace you rest at before entering Stormveil Castle, selecting the "Talk to Melina" option will trigger a conversation about the Sites of Grace. During this, Melina conveys the golden auras at the different Sites of Grace are in fact the grace of the Erdtree, and by following them, the grace will guide you through your burden. She informs you that a Shardbearer resides in Stormveil Castle, and that if the rays signal the castle, the Elden Ring is beckoning you.\nAt the next Site of Grace you rest at before entering Stormveil Castle, selecting the "Talk to Melina" option will trigger a conversation with Melina about her purpose, where she describes her search for her purpose and also apologizes for acting as a Finger Maiden while being unable to offer guidance, as she is "no maiden" and without purpose.\nAt the Third Church of Marika, when resting at the grace and selecting the "Talk to Melina" option, Melina will appear and declare that spoken echoes of Queen Marika the Eternal are present, and if you wish she will convey them to you. Select the "I'm interested" dialogue option and she will continue to describe the echoes.\nAt the Church of Pilgrimage, in the north of the Weeping Peninsula, when resting at the grace and selecting the "Talk to Melina" option, Melina will again appear and give the option to elucidate on the echoes.\nUpon reaching the East Capital Rampart Site of Grace (or any grace in Leyndell), Melina will appear and say that she will be leaving, but that she will let you keep Torrent and the ability to turn runes into power. She reasserts her confidence that you will become the Elden Lord.\nMelina may be summoned for the fight against Morgott, the Omen King via a sign directly outside the boss arena.\nAfter defeating Morgott, trying and failing to enter the Erdtree and resting at the Elden Throne Site of Grace, Melina appears. She offers a new accord: to bring her "to the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon snowy mountaintops of the giants", so she can set the Erdtree aflame, and help you become Elden Lord.\nMelina will then have additional dialogue when resting at certain Sites of Grace, the Godrick the Grafted Site of Grace for example. She will remind the player of the new goal in the land of the giants. She can then be spoken to a second time, and she will say that although her purpose was giving to her by her mother, she is now acting on her own volition and has "set [her] heart upon the world that [she] would have. Regardless of [her] mother's designs."\nMelina must be talked to in the Forge of the Giants Grace, and her quest will be fulfilled. \n\nIf the player has inherited the Frenzied Flame despite Melina pleading them not to do it, Melina will not appear in this grace. Instead, she will appear after the ending of the game if the player continues with the Frenzied Flame path, and will threaten the Lord of Frenzied Flame with Destined Death.\n\nMelina Dialogue in Elden Ring\nIntroduction\n\nGreetings. Traveller from beyond the fog. I Am Melina. I offer you an accord.\nHave you heard of the finger maidens? They serve the Two Fingers, offering guidance, and aid, to the Tarnished. But you, I am afraid, are maidenless. I can play the role of maiden. Turning rune fragments into strength. To aid you in your search for the Elden Ring. You need only take me with you. To the foot of the Erdtree.\n\nIf Accepting\n\nThen its settled. Summon me by grace to turn runes into strength. Ahh, another matter. I bequeath to you this ring. [Hands over Spectral Steed Whistle]Use it to traverse great distances. It will summon a spectral steed named Torrent. Torrent has chosen you. Treat him with respect.\n\nIf Refusing\n\nI understand. I'm asking you to put faith in but a stranger. Yet I'm certain that we can reach an understanding.Summon me by grace if you should reconsider.\nHave you reconsidered my offer? (if talked to at a Site of Grace after your refusal)\n\n§More on Melina\n\nThis tiny golden aura is the grace of the Erdtree. This light once shone in the eyes of your Tarnished brethren.But now it is all that guides you. Or so I hear. The rays of grace, that guide you through your burden.Upon the cliff, in Castle Stormveil, is a shardbearer. A demigod who inherited a fragment of the shattered Elden Ring.If the rays of grace signal the castle, then the Elden Ring beckons you.As an ally by pact,...I pray that you are fit... To face the challenge presented by the Ring.\n\n§When Leveling Up\n\nShall I turn your runes to strength? Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.Share them with me, your thoughts, your ambitions, the principles you would follow.\nPhew. It is done.(It is verified that this line exists in version 1.0. Later version might have removed it. To play 1.0, you need to play on disc and disconnect the Internet.)\n\n§Purpose\n\nMe, I'm searching for my purpose given to me by my mother inside the Erdtree long ago, for the reason that I yet live, burned and bodyless.There is something for which I must apologize. I've acted the finger maiden yet I can offer no guidance, I am no maiden.My purpose was long ago lost...\n\n§When resting at Third Church of Marika\n\nSpoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here, as well. Shall I share them with you?\nVery well. In Marika's own words. My Lord, and thy warriors. I divest each of thee of thy grace.With thine eyes dimmed, ye will be driven from the Lands Between. Ye will wage war in a land afar, where ye will live, and die.Well? Perhaps that might serve you in lieu of a maiden's guidance.\n\n§When resting at Church of Pilgrimage\n\nSpoken echoes linger here. Words of Queen Marika, who vanished long ago. If you wish, I will share them with you.\nIn Marika's own words.Then, after thy death, I will give back what I once claimed.Return to the Lands Between, wage war, and brandish the Elden Ring.Grow strong in the face of death. Warriors of my lord. Lord Godfrey.\n\n§When resting at the Grand Lift of Dectus Site of Grace\n\nSpoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here as well. Shall I share them with you?\nIn Marika's own words. The Erdtree governs all. The choice is thine. Become one with the Order. Or divest thyself of it. To wallow at the fringes; a powerless upstart.\n\n§When resting at Altus Plateau\n\nThe Erdtree...is close. Only a little further till the foot of the Erdtree, and the accord is fulfilled. It takes me back. I was born at the foot of the Erdtree. Where mother gave me my purpose. Though now, everything is lost to me. I...have to ascertain for myself. The reason for which I live, burned and bodiless.\n\nAbout Boc\n\nYour seamster, Boc... I see him crying, from time to time. I think he misses his mother. He wants someone to tell him he's beautiful. Does being born of a mother... Mean one behaves in such a manner?\n\n§When resting at the Capital Outskirts\n\nSpoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here as well. Shall I share them with you?\nIn Marika's own words. Hear me, Demigods. My children beloved. Make of thyselves that which ye desire. Be it a Lord. Be it a God. But should ye fail to become aught at all, ye will be forsaken. Amounting only to sacrifices...\n\n§When resting at the Queen's Bedchamber after defeating Morgott, the Omen King\n\nSpoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here as well. Shall I share them with you?In Marika's own words. O Radagon, leal hound of the Golden Order. Thou'rt yet to become me. Thou'rt yet to become a god. Let us be shattered, both. Mine other self.\n\nWhen resting at Minor Erdtree Church\n\nSpoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here as well. Shall I share them with you?\nIn Marika's own words. I declare mine intent, to search the depths of the Golden Order. Through understanding of the proper way, our faith, our grace, is increased. Those blissful early days of blind belief are long past. My comrades; why must ye falter?\n\nUpon encountering Margit, The Fell Omen, or when first resting at a non-dungeon Site of Grace outside of Limgrave (most likely trigger would be Caelid's Sellia Under-Stair, found outside of Sellia Crystal Tunnel, which is reachable through being ensnared by Dragon-Burnt Ruins' transporter trap chest)\n\nForgive me. I've been...testing you. To see whether or not grace truly does guide you.And...whether you are fit to face the challenge that entails. It seems my worries were unfounded.Torrent had your measure from the very start. Whereas I merely pretended.There is but one other thing I can do to offer you guidance.I can take you to the Roundtable Hold... Gathering place of Tarnished champions, guided by Grace...\nVery well. Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.\n\nWhen reaching Leyndell, she can appear once you reach the East Rampart site of grace.\n\nMy utmost thanks. For bringing me to the base of the Erdtree. Here, I can govern my own movement. And thus, the accord is fullfiled. I shall depart to ascertain the purpose I was given. Farewell. I shall leave Torrent, and the power to turn runes into strength, here with you. I wish you luck, in realising your ambition. You have fought long and hard. I have no doubt you will become Elden Lord. May you take the throne.\n\n§When being unable to enter the Erdtree, she appears at the near site of grace.\n\nHello again, old friend. Allow me a moment to converse with you. You were unable to enter the Erdtree, no? Prevented by the mantle of barbs. The thorns are impenetrable. A husk of the Erdtree's being; that spurns all that exists without. The only way to stand before the Elden Ring...and become the Elden Lord...is to pass the thorns. My purpose serves to aid in that very act. So I'd like you to undertake a new journey, with me. To the flame of ruin, far above the clouds, upon the snow mountaintops of the giants. Then I can set the Erdtree aflame. And guide you. Down the path to becoming Elden Lord. (She gives the player a Rold Medallion and makes a red mark on the map.)\n\n§Upon resting at the Cathedral of Forsaken, in Subterranean Shunning-Grounds \n\nIf you intend to claim the Frenzied Flame, I ask that you cease. It is not to be meddled with. It is chaos, devouring life and thought unending. However ruined this world has become, however mired in torment and despair, life endures. Births continue. There is beauty in that, is there not? If you would become Lord, do not deny this notion. Please, leave the Frenzied Flame alone.\n\nGoing deeper past Sealed Nomad Merchant Clan...Frenzied Flame Proscription\n\nI ask you, one more time. Please, seek not the Frenzied Flame. As one who strives to become a Lord, deny not the lives, the new births of this world. Those who would are not fit to be called Lord. When the land they preside over is lifeless.\nPlease put a stop to this madness. The Lord of Frenzied Flame is no lord at all. When the land they preside over is lifeless.\n\nAfter speaking to Enia about burning the thorns\n\n"Think not, of the kindling. I shall see to that.All I ask of you is to make the journey.To the snowy mountaintops of the giants, far above the clouds.I know... I'm asking you to commit a cardinal sin.But it must be done to reach the path beyond.And that is the path I wish to travel.What is your mind?"\n\n§Upon resting at the Snow Valley Ruins Overlook Site of Grace\n\nThere is something I'd like to say. My purpose was given to me by my mother. But now, I act of my own volition.I have set my heart upon the world that I would have. Regardless of my mother's designs.I won't allow anyone to speak ill of that. Not even you.\n\n§When resting at First Church of Marika Site of Grace\n\nSpoken echoes of Queen Marika linger here as well. Shall I share them with you?In Marika's own words. Hark, brave warriors. Hark, my lord Godfrey. We commend your deeds. Guidance has delivered ye through ordeal to the place ye stand. Put the giants to the sword and confine the flame atop the mount. Let a new epoch begin. An epoch glistening with life. Brandish the Elden Ring, for the Age of the Erdtree!\nWe are almost there. The flame of ruin lies just ahead. I'm glad it was you I traveled with. I must tender my thanks to Torrent, too. Thank you, Torrent. Please continue to lend your aid. Till the end.\n\nUpon resting at the Giants' Gravepost Site of Grace and selecting "Talk to Melina". Flame Peak, Mountaintops of the Giants.\n\nWe're almost there. The flame of ruin lies just ahead. I'm glad it was you I travelled with. I must tender my thanks to Torrent, too. Thank you, Torrent. Please continue to lend your aid. Till the end.\n\n§Upon resting at the Forge of the Giants Site of Grace in Mountaintops of the Giants.\n\nI have long observed the Lands Between.This world is in dire need of repair...and Death...indiscriminate...Are you prepared...To commit a cardinal sin?\n(Answering "I'd like you to wait")Very well.Tell me, when you are fully prepared.\n(Answering "I'm Ready")Very well.Let my hand rest upon you, for but a moment.(A cinematic of Melina igniting the forge)O Erdtree, you shall burn.Burn, for the sake of the new Lord.(Turns back at you)Thank you. For guiding me here.(Lifts hand and ignites more intensly)The one who walks alongside flame, Shall one day meet the road of Destined Death.Good-bye.\n\n§Upon resting at any Site of Grace after having inherited the Frenzied Flame\n\nYou... have inherited the Frenzied Flame. A pity. You are no longer fit. Our journey together ends here. And remember... Should you rise as the Lord of Chaos, I will kill you, as sure as night follows day. Such is my duty, for allowing you the strength of runes. Goodbye, my companion. Goodbye, Torrent...\n\n"Lord of Frenzied Flame" ending cutscene\n\nLord of Frenzied Flame... I will seek you, as far as you may travel... To deliver you what is yours. Destined Death.\n\nElden Ring Notes & Trivia for Melina\n\nHer dagger, Blade of Calling, can be found by jumping off the elevator from Leyndell to the Forbidden Lands into an opening in the wall.\nThe description of her dagger refers to her as the "kindling maiden"\nMelinas internal name in the game files is "MaricaOfDaughter". Her dialogue in the game already heavily hints at Marika being her mother.\n\n Melina Image Gallery\n\nElden Ring NPCs\n\nAbandoned Merchant Siofra River  ♦  Aeonian Spirit  ♦  Aeonian Swamp Spirit  ♦  Albinauric Village Spirit  ♦  Albus  ♦  Ashen Spirit  ♦  Blackguard Big Boggart  ♦  Blaidd  ♦  Bloody Finger Hunter Yura  ♦  Boc the Seamster  ♦  Brother Corhyn  ♦  Carian Manor Spirit  ♦  D's Twin Brother  ♦  D, Hunter of the Dead  ♦  Deathtouched Spirit  ♦  Diallos  ♦  Dung Eater  ♦  Eclipse Spirit  ♦  Edgar  ♦  Enia  ♦  Ensha  ♦  Erdtree Sanctuary Spirit  ♦  Fia  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina  ♦  Frenzied Spirit  ♦  Frustrated Spirit  ♦  Gate Town Bridge Spirit  ♦  Gatekeeper Gostoc  ♦  Gideon Ofnir  ♦  Godwyn the Golden  ♦  Goldmask  ♦  Gowry  ♦  Grape Spirit  ♦  Gurranq Beast Clergyman  ♦  Hermit Merchant  ♦  Hyetta  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant  ♦  Irina  ♦  Iron Fist Alexander  ♦  Isolated Merchant Raya Lucaria  ♦  Isolated Merchants  ♦  Jar Bairn  ♦  Kenneth Haight  ♦  Kingsrealm Spirit  ♦  Knight Bernahl  ♦  Laiedd Spirit  ♦  Latenna  ♦  Lionel the Lionhearted  ♦  Liurnian Highway Spirit  ♦  Liurnian Lake Spirit  ♦  Lost Snow Spirit  ♦  Master Lusat  ♦  Merchant Kale  ♦  Millicent  ♦  Millicent's Sisters  ♦  Miquella  ♦  Miriel Pastor of Vows  ♦  Morne Spirit  ♦  Nepheli Loux  ♦  Nomadic Merchant Mohgwyn Palace  ♦  Nomadic Merchant West Altus Plateau  ♦  Nomadic Merchants  ♦  Patches  ♦  Pidia, Carian Servant  ♦  Preceptor Seluvis  ♦  Primeval Sorcerer Azur  ♦  Queen Marika  ♦  Ranni the Witch  ♦  Renna  ♦  Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)  ♦  Roderika  ♦  Rya  ♦  Rykard  ♦  Sanguine Noble (NPC)  ♦  Shabriri  ♦  Shaded Castle Spirit  ♦  Siofra River Spirit  ♦  Smithing Master Hewg  ♦  Sorcerer Rogier  ♦  Sorceress Sellen  ♦  Stranded Graveyard Spirit  ♦  Study Hall Spirit  ♦  Tanith  ♦  The Great-Jar  ♦  The Two Fingers  ♦  Thops  ♦  Three Fingers  ♦  Tower of Return Spirit  ♦  Twin Maiden Husks  ♦  Two Fingers  ♦  Volcano Manor Spirit  ♦  Wandering Artist Spirit  ♦  War Counselor Iji  ♦  White Mask Varre  ♦  Windmill Spirit  ♦  Witch-Hunter Jerren\n\n

QUESTION
How can one complete Melina's Quest in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Rest at various Sites of Grace, engage in conversations with Melina, and follow her guidance to specific key areas to complete her questline in Elden Ring.
