CONTEXT
\n\n Farum Azula Dragon \n\nLocation\nCrumbling Farum Azula\n\nDrops\n Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone (Greater Farum Azula Dragons only) Gravel Stone x3 (respawning Lesser Farum Azula Dragon only) Runes (32,400, 21,600, or 14,400 depending on type)   \n\nFarum Azula Dragons are Hostile Creatures in Elden Ring. They are the many four-winged dragons seen around Crumbling Farum Azula. Some can be found sleeping, while others may fly in and ambush you. \n\n Ancestors of the modern dragons, the ancient dragons had scales of Gravel Stone and wielded lightning as their weapon. It is said that they once attacked Leyndell, the Royal Capital.\nSpoken of in legend, red lightning is the weapon wielded by the ancient dragons.\n\nElden Ring Farum Azula Dragon Locations\nSeveral Farum Azula Dragons can be found within the legacy dungeon of  Crumbling Farum Azula. They come in two varieties: Greater Farum Azula Dragons, which wield lightning, and Lesser Farum Azula Dragons, which do not. A total of two Greater Azula Dragons and three Lesser Dragons can be encountered in the following locations:\n\nThe first Greater Farum Azula dragon is encountered on the curved bridge after the Crumbling Beast Grave Site of Grace. You can summon Spirit Ashes for this fight. This dragon will not vanish even if the player moves to an area where it cannot reach them. It drops an Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone + 32,400 Runes on defeat and will not respawn. \nFrom the Tempest-Facing Balcony Site of Grace, turn around, run through the temple building, and ride down the elevator on the other side. Turn right from the elevator, then hop across the floating rocks onto a circular platform with a Smithing Stone (8). You will be attacked by the first Lesser Farum Azula Dragon when you reach that platform. If you leave the platform without defeating the dragon, it will turn to mist and vanish, becoming inaccessible until the player fast travels or rests at a site of grace. Defeating it rewards 21,600 Runes, and the dragon will not respawn.\nA second Lesser Farum Azula Dragon sleeps deeply atop the temple to the left of the Tempest Facing Balcony. If you are at the final step of Iron Fist Alexander's questline, it will not spawn; the area will instead serve as the arena for Alexander's final duel. This dragon will not reappear even after you have defeated Alexander. It can be reached most quickly by traveling to the Dragon Temple Lift site of grace and hugging the right edge of the map as you proceed out of the temple. This dragon will not awaken unless the player strikes it directly with an attack; walking, running, or even attacking near it provokes no response. This dragon will not vanish even if the player moves to an area it cannot reach. Defeating it rewards 14,400 Runes, and the dragon will not respawn.\nA third Lesser Farum Azula Dragon can be found sleeping behind a courtyard full of skeletal Beastmen. Nearby is a Smithing Stone (8) on a corpse, and a small scarab carrying the Golden Lightning Fortification incantation. This dragon sleeps less deeply than its counterpart; it will not awaken while the player is crouched, but walking, sprinting, or attacking near it will awaken the beast. If the player retreats within or past the fallen ruins leading to the dragon's ledge, it will turn to mist and vanish, becoming inaccessible until the player fast travels or rests at a site of grace. Defeating this dragon will reward the player with 21,600 Runes, as well as drop 3x Gravel Stone. This dragon does respawn.\nA second, heavily-injured, Greater Farum Azula Dragon will attack you with intermittent bursts of lightning as you advance from the Dragon Temple Roof Site of Grace. If you approach the plaza where it stands, it will begin to attack. If the player enters the small building to the back left of the plaza, hides behind the rubble on the left side of the plaza, or travels along the path to the right side of the plaza, the dragon will vanish and become inaccessible until the player fast travels or rests at a grace. Defeating it rewards 32,400 Runes and and Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone. This dragon does not respawn.\n\nElden Ring Farum Azula Dragon Drops\n\nAncient Dragon Smithing Stone (Greater Farum Azula Dragons)\nGravel Stone  (Guaranteed drop of 3 from the respawning Lesser Azula Dragons)\n\nFarum Azula Dragon Notes & Tips\n\n Ancient Dragon type\nDeals Fire, Lightning and Standard Damage\nStrong against Elemental-type damage (most noticeably Lightning)\nWeaker against Pierce Damage.\nWeak spot: Head\nCan be poise-broken for a riposte, but it is very difficult due to poise-damage reduction. Even with hits to the head, the player will earlier eliminate the dragon and not break his poise. \n\nPoise: 120, but there is poise-damage reduction 0.2, and thus making their "actual poise" rise to 600, which makes them the most difficult enemy to perform a critical attack on.\nHits to head deals double poise damage, so its "actual poise" is 300 with only this type of hits.\n\nParryable: No\nThe Farum Azula Dragons use different movesets\n\nThe first Greater Farum Azula Dragon encountered at the beginning of the area uses a modified version of Ancient Dragon Lansseax's moveset, adding Lichdragon Fortissax's divebomb attack, a unique aerial glaive attack, and using Lansseax's Ancient Dragon Lightning Strike attack throughout the battle instead of just as an opener. It shares Lansseax's phase transition at 50% HP and the resulting alterations to the moveset.\nThe second Greater Farum Azula Dragon uses a modified version of Lichdragon Fortissax's second phase moveset, with the only difference being the omission of Fortissax's Lightning Glaive attack. \nThe lesser Farum Azula Dragons share the same moveset: a truncated version of the basic moveset shared between Lansseax and Fortissax. They lack the divebomb, all lightning summoning attacks, and do not generate lightning aftershocks with their claw attacks and double-handed slam. Despite this, they still undergo the same phase transition at close to 50% HP, altering the way they perform their combos. It is worth noting that the first Lesser Farum Azula Dragon may also be either guaranteed (or at least more heavily weighted) to perform the standing firebreath attack following a repositioning hop compared to the others, but further testing is needed to confirm this.\n\nThe Greater Dragons, despite cladding themselves in lightning, share the same lightning flat defense and absorption (as well as all other flat defense and absorption values) with the Lesser Azula Dragons.\nFarum Azula Dragons, like Lansseax and Fortissax, take double damage from attacks to the head. This vulnerability can be triggered even by some AoE spells such as Greyoll's Roar. Additionally, attacks on sleeping or otherwise unaware dragons deal 1.5 times the standard damage, which stacks multiplicatively with their head weakspot.\nThe teleportation animation typically played by the dragons when they vanish in response to the player moving to an inaccessible area can be "overridden" if another animation, such as landing from an aerial attack, is playing instead. If this occurs, the dragon may simply vanish without any noticeable animation; this has no practical effect and the dragon can be encountered again by resting at a site of grace or fast traveling.\n\nFarum Azula Dragon Image Gallery\n\nElden Ring Creatures & Enemies\n\nAbductor Virgin  ♦  Abnormal Stone Cluster  ♦  Albinauric  ♦  Albinauric Wolfback Archer  ♦  Anastasia Tarnished-Eater  ♦  Ancestral Follower  ♦  Ancestral Follower Shaman  ♦  Avionette Soldier  ♦  Azula Beastman  ♦  Baleful Shadow  ♦  Banished Knight  ♦  Basilisk  ♦  Battlemage  ♦  Bear  ♦  Blackflame Monk  ♦  Bloody Finger Nerijus  ♦  Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin  ♦  Boar  ♦  Broken Statue  ♦  Burning Slug  ♦  Celebrant  ♦  Chanting Winged Dame  ♦  Chariot  ♦  Chief Guardian Arghanthy  ♦  Clayman  ♦  Colossal Fingercreeper  ♦  Commoner  ♦  Construct  ♦  Crab  ♦  Crystal Snail  ♦  Crystal Sorcerer  ♦  Deer  ♦  Demi-Human  ♦  Demi-Human Queen  ♦  Depraved Perfumer  ♦  Direwolf  ♦  Dog  ♦  Duelist  ♦  Eagle  ♦  Edgar the Revenger  ♦  Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm  ♦  Exile Soldier  ♦  Fallen Hawks Soldier  ♦  Festering Fingerprint Vyke  ♦  Fingercreeper  ♦  Fire Monk  ♦  Fire Prelate  ♦  Flame Guardian  ♦  Frenzied Villager  ♦  Giant Ant  ♦  Giant Bat  ♦  Giant Crab  ♦  Giant Crayfish  ♦  Giant Dog  ♦  Giant Dragonfly  ♦  Giant Land Octopus  ♦  Giant Land Squirt  ♦  Giant Miranda Sprout  ♦  Giant Rat  ♦  Giant Skeletal Slime  ♦  Giant Skeleton (Spirit)  ♦  Glintstone Dragon  ♦  Glintstone Sorcerer  ♦  Godrick Foot Soldier  ♦  Golem  ♦  Great Horned Tragoth  ♦  Great-Jar Warrior  ♦  Guardian  ♦  Guillemot  ♦  Haligtree Foot Soldier  ♦  Haligtree Knight  ♦  Haligtree Soldier  ♦  High Page  ♦  Highwayman  ♦  Inaba, Disciple of Okina  ♦  Inquisitor Ghiza  ♦  Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood  ♦  Kaiden Sellsword  ♦  Knight of Zamor  ♦  Land Octopus  ♦  Land Squirt  ♦  Lazuli Sorcerer  ♦  Lesser Alabaster Lord  ♦  Lesser Black Knife Assassin  ♦  Lesser Bloodhound Knight  ♦  Lesser Burial Watchdog  ♦  Lesser Demi-Human Chief  ♦  Lesser Dragonkin Soldier (Spirit)  ♦  Lesser Fingercreeper  ♦  Lesser Kindred of Rot (Pests)  ♦  Lesser Mad Pumpkin Head  ♦  Lesser Misbegotten Warrior  ♦  Lesser Omenkiller  ♦  Lesser Red Wolf of Radagon  ♦  Lesser Runebear  ♦  Lesser Sanguine Noble  ♦  Lesser Spirit-Caller Snail  ♦  Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit  ♦  Lesser Wormface  ♦  Leyndell Foot Soldier  ♦  Leyndell Knight  ♦  Leyndell Soldier  ♦  Lion Guardian  ♦  Living Jar  ♦  Lone Wolf  ♦  Mad Tongue Alberich  ♦  Maleigh Marais, Shaded Castle Castellan  ♦  Malformed Star  ♦  Man-Serpent  ♦  Mausoleum Foot Soldier  ♦  Mausoleum Knight  ♦  Mausoleum Soldier  ♦  Miner  ♦  Miranda Sprout  ♦  Misbegotten  ♦  Monstrous Crow  ♦  Mounted Knight  ♦  Nameless White Mask  ♦  Night Maiden  ♦  Noble Sorcerer  ♦  Nomad  ♦  Nox Monk  ♦  Nox Swordstress  ♦  Old Knight Istvan  ♦  Omen  ♦  Oracle Envoy  ♦  Oracle Envoy Giant  ♦  Owl  ♦  Page  ♦  Preceptor Miriam  ♦  Putrid Avatar  ♦  Putrid Corpse  ♦  Radahn Foot Soldier  ♦  Radahn Soldier  ♦  Raya Lucaria Foot Soldier  ♦  Raya Lucaria Knight  ♦  Raya Lucaria Soldier  ♦  Recusant Henricus  ♦  Redmane Knight  ♦  Revenant  ♦  Rileigh the Idle  ♦  Rotten Duelist  ♦  Scarlet Rot Zombie  ♦  School of Graven Mages  ♦  Serpent Snail  ♦  Servant of Rot  ♦  Sheep  ♦  Silver Tear  ♦  Skeletal Bandit  ♦  Skeletal Militiaman  ♦  Skeletal Slime  ♦  Skeletal Snail  ♦  Skeleton Mage  ♦  Skeletons  ♦  Slug  ♦  Soldier  ♦  Spirit Jellyfish  ♦  Spirit NPC  ♦  Springhare  ♦  Starcaller  ♦  Tanith's Knight  ♦  Teardrop Scarab  ♦  Thorn Sorcerer  ♦  Troll  ♦  Troll Knight  ♦  Turtle  ♦  Twinsage Sorcerer  ♦  Unobtainable Items  ♦  Vargram the Raging Wolf  ♦  Vulgar Militant  ♦  Wandering Nobles  ♦  Warhawk  ♦  Wild Mouflon  ♦  Wraith Caller\n\n

QUESTION
How can players effectively strategize to defeat the Farum Azula Dragons in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players can effectively defeat Farum Azula Dragons in Elden Ring by aiming for their head weak spot, exploiting their vulnerability to head attacks and unaware status for increased damage, avoiding elemental-type damage which they are strong against, and being aware of their movesets to anticipate and counter their actions.
