CONTEXT
\n\n Minor Erdtree Catacombs \n\nCatacombs found deep beneath the Minor Erdtree in Caelid.\n\nMinor Erdtree Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring. The Minor Erdtree Catacombs is found in Caelid, beneath the Minor Erdtree. Players can reach this location by traveling east from where the region meets with Limgrave and then looking for the entrance in the cliff face slightly southeast of the tree.\n\nMinor Erdtree Catacombs Map\n[Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Minor Erdtree Catacombs\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants at this location\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Minor Erdtree Catacombs\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nAeonian Butterfly\nGolden Rune (4)\nGrave Violet\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGhost Glovewort (4)\nGrave Glovewort (3)\nGrave Glovewort (4)\nGrave Glovewort (5)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nImp Head (Wolf)\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nMad Pumpkin Head Ashes (Erdtree Burial Watchdog drop)\n\nElden Ring Minor Erdtree Catacombs Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nCrab\nImp\nSkeletal Slime\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nErdtree Burial Watchdog (Duo Fight)\n\nMinor Erdtree Catacombs Walkthrough\nImps make these catacombs their home, with many of them perched on the walls and the ceilings, awaiting passersby. Bring ranged attacks and spells or craft throwable Consumables to knock them off their perches and prevent unwanted surprises Press the target lock key frequently to easily find these mischievous creatures.\nFrom the site of grace, head down the first corridor ahead and hit the Imp on the ceiling from afar. There is a lift leading down around the corner. From the lift, head down the western corridor and defeat the Imp in the corner. The room around the corner has a couple more Imps inside. There is a Grave Violet just before you enter the room and a Grave Glovewort (3) at the back of the room before the next room. In the next room, there is an imp hiding in the right side and one more clinging to the ceiling. After defeating them, pull the lever by the statue and then head back to the lift.\nThis time, head towards the east corridor and collect the Grave Glovewort (4) on the way. In the next room, hit one of the Imps in the upper level from the corridor and three Skeletal Slimes will drop in from the ceiling. There are several more slimes in the room behind the pillars and a couple more Imps in the upper level. Beware of the floor here which is oozing with water that inflicts rot. There is a Grave Glovewort (3) to the right by the entrance and an Aeonian Butterfly on the corpse in the center. There is another Grave Violet and a Grave Glovewort (5) in the back half of the room.\nHead back to the lift once more and step on the switch then get off before it rises. The rest of the dungeon is found in a passageway underneath the lift. Drop down below and take out the Imp patrolling the area. The next room is filled with the same scarlet rot fluid and several slimes will drop down from the ceiling as you approach. You can take them out or just sprint past them. There is a narrow passage to the north with a set of stairs leading to a room with a bunch of crabs. Take them out and pick up the Grave Glovewort (4) and Golden Rune (4) by the wall at the end. On the east side of this room is a ladder leading up to a long hallway. At the top of the ladder there will be an Imp around the corner to your left, and an Imp ahead of you. Take the Imps out and pick up the Grave Glovewort (3) on the way. There is another Imp on the ceiling halfway through the hallway and one more in the room at the very end. Pick up the Imp Head (Wolf) helm from the corpse bent over the sarcophagus and then turn right toward another room. This is the upper level of the first room with the scarlet rot fluid. Take the Imps out on the balcony if you haven't done so earlier. Check the corpse ahead for 2x Sacramental Buds and head to the left for another Grave Glovewort (5).\nFrom here, you can head back to the second scarlet rot fluid-drenched room and continue to the western corridor and turn left to find the dungeon's boss door.\n\nBoss: Erdtree Burial Watchdog Duo (Scepter & Sword)\nThis boss fight is a Duo battle against two Erdtree Burial Watchdogs. One has a Sword, similar to the one encountered in Stormfoot Catacombs while the other has a Watchdog's Staff. It is recommended you focus on the Staff one as it uses ranged magical projectiles. Consider using a Spirit summon to distract one Watchdog while you focus on the other, or Crystal Darts to make them fight each other. Aside from that, the strategies are largely the same as previous encounters. Always be on the move. If you are running, their aerial slam attacks should not hit you. Weave in 1 or 2 attacks max between slams and other weapon attacks. Watch out for when a Watchdog stands on its hind legs. It will slowly walk towards you and slam its weapon down very quickly. Be ready to dodge sideways.\nDefeating the duo awards the Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes.\n\nElden Ring Minor Erdtree Catacombs Gallery and Notes\nNote that phantoms in your world can pull the lever in this dungeon. If they do, the host will not be able to interact with it. Resetting your game seems to fix this.\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What strategies are recommended for defeating the Erdtree Burial Watchdog Duo in Minor Erdtree Catacombs in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Focus on the ranged magical projectiles Staff Watchdog, consider using a Spirit summon, or Crystal Darts for distraction, keep moving, dodge sideways from aerial slam attacks.
