CONTEXT
\n\n Castle Morne \n\nI've escaped from Castle Morne, to the south. The servants there...have rebelled. —Irina\n\nCastle Morne is a Location in Elden Ring. It is found on the southernmost tip of the Weeping Peninsula. Players would find the castle hard to miss, as the road leads directly to it, and going for the Map (Weeping Peninsula) would bring them into its ruined outer bailey.\n\nCastle Morne Map for Elden Ring\n[Elden Ring Map here]\n\nElden Ring NPCs and Merchants in Castle Morne\n\nEdgar can be found sitting on a bench up in a non-hostile area of the castle ramparts. Talk to him to progress Irina's quest. You will have to talk to him again after defeating the boss of the area. [Map Coordinates]\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Castle Morne\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nTools\n\nx2 Fire Grease\nx1 Pickled Turtle Neck\nx8 Throwing Dagger\nRune Arc (Giant Rat random drop)\n\nCrafting Materials\n\nx6 Smoldering Butterfly (around the fires in the courtyard past the entrance lift)\nx3 Tarnished Golden Sunflower\nSanctuary Stone (Lesser Pumpkin Head random drop)\nThin Beast Bones (Rotten Stray random drop)\n\nGolden Runes\n\nx2 Golden Rune (2)\nx1 Golden Rune (1) (Giant Rat drop)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nBolstering Materials\n\nx3 Smithing Stone (1)\nx3 Smithing Stone (2)\n\nEquipment & Magic\n\nWeapons\n\nx1 Claymore (in a chest)\nx1 Grafted Blade Greatsword (Leonine Misbegotten boss drop)\nx1 Steel-Wire Torch\nx1 Whip\nIron Cleaver (Misbegotten random drop)\n\nArrows/Bolts\n\nBolt (Godrick Soldier random drop)\nLordsworn's Bolt (Godrick Soldier random drop)\n\nArmor\n\nPumpkin Helm (Lesser Pumpkin Head random drop)\n\nTalismans\n\nx1 Sacrificial Twig (given by Edgar)\nx1 Twinblade Talisman (in a chest)\n\nUnique, Ashes & Keys\n\nKey Items\n\nx1 Stonesword Key\n\nMultiplayer\n\nx1 Furlcalling Finger Remedy\n\nCastle Morne Creatures, Enemies and Bosses in Elden Ring\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGiant Rat\nSoldier\nRotten Stray\nMisbegotten\nSkeletal Slime\nSpirit Jellyfish\nGodrick Soldier\nLesser Mad Pumpkin Head\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nLeonine Misbegotten\n\nCastle Morne Walkthrough Elden Ring\nThis is an optional dungeon area that is not as large as the regular Legacy Dungeons. Players may find this castle by wandering the paths along Southern Limgrave and The Weeping Peninsula. Some NPCs encountered around Limgrave may speak about this castle, as well. If players come across the Bridge of Sacrifice, they may encounter Irina, an escapee of the castle south of the bridge, referring to Castle Morne. [Map Coordinates]\n\nUpon riding the lift up to Castle Morne, you'll see the Misbegotten enemies all around the castle grounds. As you enter, make a hard left and go up the steps where you'll see a bonfire. There are two Rotten Stray enemies here, kill the hounds and loot the body to find x1 Smithing Stone (2). Go back down to the courtyard section where the Misbegotten enemies are and continue going straight. You can fight them if you want, but you'll easily be outnumbered. Or you can sneak around by moving to the left side where there are about three Rotten Stray enemies.\nThe Pumpkin Head\nAs you move forward, you'll notice a Lesser Pumpkin Head sitting on the ground. This enemy could drop x1 Pumpkin Helm and/or x1 Sanctuary Stone. From where the Lesser Pumpkin Head was sitting, look to the left, behind the tree to find a corpse in a sitting position, pillage the body to find x3 Smithing Stone (1). On the right side, is a narrow path that is blocked by a single Misbegotten. You can sneak behind to backstab it - continue up the stairs and climb up the ladder at the end.\nAs you reach the top, a single Misbegotten enemy will rush in to attack you. Be ready to take it out. Head up the stairs where you'll see countless bodies of men hanged, and ahead of the path, is another Misbegotten on the left side of the runway, while two Winged Misbegotten are just a few steps ahead. You'll also notice on the right that there is a body that's hanging by the ledge of the wooden fence, you can loot the body to find x1 Golden Rune (2). Go straight towards another bonfire where you can pick up x1 Smoldering Butterfly.\nFind the Site of Grace\nNow, go back to the spot where the two Winged Misbegotten enemies were, check the left side to find a ladder that you can climb down. Move forward along the runway where you'll see a single Misbegotten at the end, near another corpse that can be pillaged. Don't run forward since there is another Misbegotten enemy hiding behind the barrels on the right. It will jump and attack you the moment you are close to it. Kill both enemies and loot the corpse to find x2 Smithing Stone (2). Retrace your steps, and climb the ladder back to the top - from where you got the Smoldering Butterfly material, look to your right and you'll see a part of the stone fence broken, you can jump down to find the Behind the Castle Site of Grace. [Map Coordinates]\nAfter discovering the site and resting if needed, jump down to the lower section of the cliffs until you set foot on the platforms of the castle. Look to your left towards the broken stone fence and you'll see there's a wooden platform below with a corpse that can be looted. Jump down and pillage the body to find x1 Stonesword Key [Map Coordinates]. Jump down and you'll encounter more Misbegotten enemies ahead. On the right side, however, is an open gate that leads to a prison cell.\nGet the Twinblade Talisman\nInside that prison cell, there is a single Misbegotten enemy here that you can backstab. Kill it and then loot the body here to find x1 Pickled Turtle Neck. Move away as soon as you grab the item to avoid getting hit by the Skeletal Slime enemy that will drop from above. On the left side of the prison cell, you'll see a spirit NPC locked in a cage. Speak to it and it will plead for help. There isn't anything special here, so you can go back outside and take out the Misbegotten enemies one at a time as you move northwest.\nWalk along the runway, kill the Misbegotten and Skeletal Slime enemies. On the other side, you'll see a bigger Misbegotten. Kill the enemy, and grab x2 Smoldering Butterfly near the bonfire. Climb the ladder to the top of the tower and circle around to find a treasure chest containing x1 Twinblade Talisman. Next, go back down, walk towards the runway (facing southeast), look to the right, and you'll see that you can jump down on the roof of what seems to be a castle gazebo. Jump on the roof and then to the ground to find two things, there is a special-looking Teardrop Scarab that you can kill which gives an additional usage for your Flask of Crimson Tears. You'll find it hiding by a bush, and you can identify it with its glow and a ringing sound. Also, there's a tree nearby, check it to find a body next to it that can be pillaged to find x3 Tarnished Golden Sunflower.\nDrop Down to the Next Site of Grace\nContinue moving east until you've set foot on the east section of the castle. You'll notice that there is a square opening on the ground that you can enter. Below, there is a narrow beam, on that beam is a corpse with an item, x1 Smithing Stone (2). Drop down on the next beam but don't go all the way down since there is mischief (group of Rats) and a single Misbegotten. We suggest you stay on the second beam and kill it one at a time while on high ground. If you accidentally fall, just sprint out of the prison cell, and fight them outside where there's more space for you to move around.\nInside that cell with the mischief, there's a body that you can loot to find x1 Whip. And outside, you can grab x1 Smoldering Butterfly near the bonfire, and if you go left, around the corner, you'll find the Beside the Rampart Gaol site of grace. Next, cross the narrow wooden bridge, as you approach the other end, move slowly since there are two Misbegotten enemies here, a winged one, and the other large variant that wields a large axe. In that spot where the two enemies were, there's another body next to the barrels and crates, loot it to find x8 Throwing Dagger.\nLoot the Somber Smithing Stone\nNext, climb down the nearby ladder where you'll see multiple Spirit Jellyfish enemies. These aren't hostile and remain at rest unless you attack them. Move around to the left side of the ladder and you'll see an entrance that can only be entered by going through the gold mist. Before you enter, explore the nearby edges of the water to find a Somber Smithing Stone. Beyond it is the boss for this location, Leonine Misbegotten - make sure you have made further preparations before fighting this boss, you can visit our Leonine Misbegotten page for guides on how to defeat this boss.\nBoss and Finishing Up\nDefeating Leonine Misbegotten drops x1 Grafted Blade Greatsword and 3800 Runes. There still are some sections of the castle you'll need to explore here, so after the battle, first, make sure to examine the Morne Moangrave site of grace at the boss arena then fast travel back to the Castle Morne Lift site. Ride the elevator up and this time, you will need to explore the section on the right where there are multiple Misbegotten enemies standing on a pile of bones and corpses. You could try to sneak behind them.\nIf you're able to pass, there's a doorway that you can enter. Inside the armory, by the doorway, there's a chest on the left, open it to find x1 Claymore. Continue straight, down the stairs, and head outside where you'll see two Misbegotten enemies attacking a Godrick Soldier. Clear the path and climb up the nearby ladder. At the top, you'll see more Godrick Soldiers fight against the Misbegotten. You can simply watch them fight first, and whoever is left, you can finish them off.\nUpon clearing the area, on the right side, there's another ladder that goes up, an execution podium at the center, and a path that you can explore on the left. Check the podium first and you can find x1 Furlcalling Finger Remedy looted off a corpse. While on the left side of the podium, there's also another body that's being guarded by two more Misbegotten enemies. Search the corpse to find x1 Steel-Wire Torch. Go back and climb up the other ladder on the right.\nReturn to the castle grounds, specifically where there are piles of bodies and Misbegotten enemies around a corpse that is tied to a wooden beam that is burning. Clear out the enemies and check the pile to find some corpses that can be looted such as x2 Fire Grease, Smoldering Butterfly that is flying around the flames.\nNow, if you were able to speak to Irina (and exhausting her dialogue), she'll ask you to give a letter to her father, Edgar, a warden who's in Castle Morne. Irina can be found sitting on a rock just beyond the Bridge of Sacrifice, at the start of the main road in the eastern Weeping Peninsula [Interactive Map Location]. To deliver the letter, from the Castle Morne Lift site, go up the lift, and make a right just after the Lesser Pumpkin Head and climb the ladder.\nAt the top of the ladder, go over the runway with the hanging corpses, continuing up both sets up stairs until you reach the first turret in the SE corner. Then either drop down from the wooden platform in between the turrets, or you could just take the ladder on the left down- and continue until you reach the end, (avoiding or dispatching the multiple enemies along the way). At the end up this area (back at the front of the castle, in the NE corner) go up and around the wooden stairs on the right where you'll find Edgar sitting atop the turret. Give the letter and he'll give you x1 Sacrificial Twig. If you spoke to Edgar before clearing the castle, he will mention that he still must defend the castle and recover a sword before he can return to Irina. \nThis means that you just need to clear out the castle by defeating Leonine Misbegotten and acquiring the Grafted Blade Greatsword, by doing so, return to Edgar and he'll mention that he is in your debt, that he is no longer bound by duty, and he can now return to Irina. (Note that if you have already killed the Leonine Misbegotten before you first talk to Edgar, you will have to rest at a site of grace and then talk to him again to finish out his quest dialogue. I spoke to him for the first time after defeating the boss and had no such issues.) This almost completes Castle Morne and the Father-Daughter questline of Irina and Edgar. [Map Coordinates for Edgar's position] - Return to Irina for the final [maybe] chapter of the questline.\n\nElden Ring Castle Morne Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What do players need to do to progress Irina's quest in Castle Morne in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players need to talk to Edgar after defeating the boss and deliver a letter to him from Irina to progress her quest in Castle Morne in Elden Ring.
