CONTEXT
\n\n Lake of Rot \n\nLake of Rot Map & Fragments\nSites of Grace & Sub-Locations\nAll NPCs & Merchants\nAll Items, Equipment & Magic\nAll Enemies & Bosses\n\nLake of Rot  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Lake of Rot region features treacherous red waters that inflict scarlet rot on players that stay in it too long. You can reach it from Ainsel River Main, by heading south-west from the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace (find it on the Interactive Map here).\n\nA great lake of standing water downstream of the Ainsel River. It is said that the divine essence of an outer god is sealed away in this land.\n\nLake of Rot Map & Map Fragments\n\nFragment Lake of Rot: Map (Lake of Rot) is found on a corpse by the water's edge. Elden Ring Map here \n\nElden Ring Lake of Rot Sites of Grace & Sub-Locations\nSites of Grace\n\nLake of Rot Shoreside. Elden Ring Map here\nGrand Cloister. Elden Ring Map here\n\nSub-Locations\n\nGrand Cloister\nCoffin (to Astel). Elden Ring Map here\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Lake of Rot\n\nNo NPCs in this area\nNo merchants in this area\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Lake of Rot\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nAeonian Butterfly\nDewkissed Herba\nFaded Erdleaf Flower\nGolden Centipede\nSmoldering Butterfly\n10x Black-Key Bolt\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGolden Seed\nSmithing Stone (6)\nSmithing Stone (7)\nSomber Smithing Stone (6)\nSomber Smithing Stone (7)\nSomber Smithing Stone (8)\nSomber Smithing Stone (9)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nAlabaster Lord's Sword\nDragonscale Blade (from Dragonkin Soldier boss)\nFan Daggers\nGolden Rune (7)\nGolden Rune (10)\nImmunizing Horn Charm +1\nLightningproof Dried Liver\nMushroom Crown\nPreserving Boluses\nScorpion's Stinger\nWarming Stone\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nNomadic Warrior's Cookbook (22)\nRemembrance of the Naturalborn (Astel drop)\n\nElden Ring Lake of Rot Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nAlabaster Lord\nAncestral Follower\nBasilisk\nLesser Kindred of Rot\nUlcerated Tree Spirit\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nAstel, Naturalborn of the Void\nDragonkin Soldier\n\nWalkthrough for Lake of Rot in Elden Ring\n\nLake Area\nYou can get to Lake of Rot by heading southwest from the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace in Ainsel River Main. There's a lift in the area that takes you down to the northern part of the lake -- the lift is in a building past where the Baleful Shadow spawned. Right as you emerge, you'll find the Lake of Rot Shoreside Site of Grace. At the water's edge, just slightly past the Site of Grace, you can loot a corpse that holds the Map (Lake of Rot), making navigation easier.\n\nThe waters here are treacherous, quickly applying the Scarlet Rot Status Effect each second you stand in the water. It is recommended to have many Preserving Boluses on hand to remove the status effect immediately and even equip Talismans (Immunizing Horn Charm, Mottled Necklace), Armor, and Incantations (Flame, Cleanse Me) that can help alleviate its build-up. Also, be aware that Basilisks may come out of the waters to ambush you. The Beast-Repellent Torch will pacify all Basilisks in the area, making it much easier to traverse the lake. The Mushroom Set can make traversing this area a lot easier due to its massive innate Immunity. Its poor defense stats are irrelevant against the Basilisks, which don't inflict any direct damage.\nFirst, from the shoreline, look southeast and you may be able to spot a lone Ancestral Follower wading in the rot in the distance. Sprint to it and kill it, and you'll acquire the Immunizing Horn Charm +1 which greatly raises your Immunity. Immunity raises your resistance to scarlet rot, which will make traversing the place a bit easier.\n\nWarp back to the Site of Grace to begin proper exploration.\nIf you look out into the lake, you may be able to see four pillars standing on their own small island in the distance. These small islands have buttons on them that raise landmasses in the lake, giving you safe platforms to stand on while navigating through the Lake of Rot. The nearest pillar to you right now at the starting island should be to your southwest, and after that, the next one should be south of the first pillar, easily reached by traversing the newly-raised platforms from the first. To reach the third pillar from here, jump onto the platform directly east from the second pillar, then aim southeast and go onto a large platform with the base of a broken pillar. This central platform will serve as a landmark for further exploration. The third pillar is located just southwest from this large platform.\nThe fourth pillar is located further southwest of pillar #3, closest to the walls of the distant structure. This time, you don't have any platforms to help get you there cleanly, so you'll have to sprint across the rot. Step on the button and you will be raised with the pillar itself.\n\nWhile up here, you can defeat the Alabaster Lord to receive his sword, the Alabaster Lord's Sword, and loot the Somber Smithing Stone (9). There is a slope that leads to a ladder on the east side of the pillar to help you to get down or go back up. The foot of the ramp below this ladder has a Teardrop Scarab that yields a Somber Smithing Stone (6).\nIf you want, you can backtrack to the large platform with the broken pillar base. Look east, and start sprinting - the boss won't turn aggressive unless you're too close to it. Once you find the eastern pillar and step on it, it will raise several large platforms. This is vital for taking on this area's miniboss, the Dragonkin Soldier. Defeat it for the Dragonscale Blade. From here you can choose to loot bodies scattered all around Lake Rot to obtain items, many of which are Somber Smithing Stone (7) & Somber Smithing Stone (8). One item of note is the Nomadic Warrior's Cookbook (22), obtained from a lone chest in a large ruin in the southwestern section of the map.\n\nThe Mushroom Crown can be found on a corpse hanging off a pillar in the ruins in the southeast corner - to get on top of it, you'll have to ascend a ramp along the walls of the area and then hop onto the rims of the ruins.\n\nGrand Cloister\nAfter you're done with this area, head over to the southern section, where you'll find a waterfall. Climb down the stairs next to it to reach the Grand Cloister and grab the Grand Cloister Site of Grace. The area here is infested with Lesser Kindreds of Rot and there are a few corpses with Golden Runes. Be wary of drawing the attention of too many Lesser Kindreds of Rot as their multiple casts of Pest Threads can overwhelm even the most skilled of players. These pests can also drop the Pest's Glaive, which is very good for builds that use elemental infusions. \n\nIf you head north, you'll come across a waterfall with two corpses under it, one with a Smithing Stone (6) and another with a Smithing Stone (7). Be prepared as you approach this waterfall, however, as an Ulcerated Tree Spirit ambushes you from the water. It yields a Golden Seed on defeat.\nNext, head west, where you'll see a bunch of rot prawns dancing in front of a temple. Carefully dispatch each one from a distance, as getting mobbed by them is incredibly dangerous. When they're all gone, head inside the temple to grab the Scorpion's Stinger. Head back out of the temple and head south, where you'll find an open coffin at the tip of the waterfall. Interact with the coffin to rest in it and a cutscene will play.\nAstel, Naturalborn of the Void\nIf you open your map now, you will find yourself in an isolated area south of the Lake of Rot. Through the mist door, you'll fight Astel, Naturalborn of the Void, and with his defeat, you'll gain the Remembrance of the Naturalborn. Trigger the Site of Grace in this boss arena, then head north past his boss room to find a lift that takes you back to the surface at Deep Ainsel Well. If you don't have the Dark Moon Ring, this passageway will be sealed off.\n\nElden Ring Lake of Rot Gallery and Notes\nWhat level is Lake of Rot Elden Ring?\nSince this location is usually not encountered until later in the game, the recommended levels for this location are much higher ranging from 80-100. Although it is an open world game without linear path, there is a recommended progression when exploring the different regions that the game will naturally guide you along as you progress through the main storyline. By this point, it is expected that you have gained some additional Weapons and Equipment to enhance your Builds through exploring different locations such as Liurnia of the Lakes, and possibly the Altus Plateau. By this point you would've gained enough experience and upgrades, as well as gathered enough upgrade Materials to face the various Enemies and Creatures within the Lake of Rot. This area is notorious for its returning unforgiving terrain since you will be forced to fight with limited combat space even when going against numbers of enemies because touching the water inflicts Scarlet Rot adding to the challenging nature of this area. Once you reach this location, there will be a Legend Boss, Astel, Naturalborn of the Void as well as the Dragonkin Soldier in this location. Some notorious enemies such as the Lesser Kindred of Rot (Pests) can also be encountered here.\nPlayers can reference our page that lists the Recommended Level by Location and our progression suggestions. This will also state the recommended upgrade materials you are to have by this point in the game. To view a step-by-step progression guide to the Lake of Rot, players are also encouraged to view th Game Progress Route that summarizes the overall Walkthrough. \nLake of Rot Other Notes\n\nOther notes and tips go here. \n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What level is Lake of Rot Elden Ring?

ANSWER
The recommended levels for Lake of Rot in Elden Ring are 80-100.
