CONTEXT
\n\n Black Knife Catacombs \n\nThe dreaded catacombs holds many skeletons that can revive until properly killed, but also holds the Black Knifeprint, a key item in a certain quest.\n\nBlack Knife Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring. The Black Knife Catacombs is found in the north east part of the Liurnia of the Lake region. The entrance to the catacombs can be found by heading north east from the Ruined Labyrinth Site of Grace, past the Minor Erdtree. The entrance is guarded by a Mausoleum Knight.\n\nBlack Knife Catacombs Map\n[Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Black Knife Catacombs\n\nNo NPCs in this area.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Black Knife Catacombs\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGrave Violet\nCrab Eggs\nSpellproof Dried Liver\nRune Arc\nRoot Resin\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGrave Glovewort (2)\nGrave Glovewort (3)\nGrave Glovewort (4) \n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nAssassin's Cerulean Dagger\nRosus' Axe\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nBlack Knifeprint\nTwinsage Sorcerer Ashes\nDeathroot\n\nElden Ring Black Knife Catacombs Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nSkeleton\nCrab\nGiant Crab\nNecromancer\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nBlack Knife Assassin\nCemetery Shade\n\nBlack Knife Catacombs Walkthrough\nThe Black Knife Catacombs features many skeleton enemies and multiple moving guillotines throughout its chambers. The sewers are infested by crabs, with 2 giant crabs waiting for unsuspecting prey. This catacombs even has 2 bosses found in different rooms and with different loot, the Black Knife Assassin fight is not necessary for the player to advance through to find the lever that opens the doors to the Cemetery Shade fight.\nMany of the skeletons that are found in this Catacombs exhibit a strange behavior of rolling at the player, and attack quite rapidly. Players should be careful when fighting these enemies as they can be very fast to close the gap and attack. Some of the skeletons are also special in that they cannot be killed by themselves, instead, one has to defeat the nearby necromancer which kills the skeletons automatically and permanently (until you rest or die).  Going down the stairs from the Site of Grace there will be one such skeleton half way down. You can watch how this skeleton moves and attacks to learn what to expect from them later on, move back up the stairs to make the fight more manageable. \nOnce at the bottom of the stairs you will find the locked doors of the catacombs, flanked by 2 statues. These doors will open when you use the lever found at the end of the catacombs, the doors lead to the final boss fight of the catacombs. On the left is the way forward down a short flight of stairs. At the bottom of these stairs are 2 more skeletons, one at the crossroad and one further down the tunnel who will start rolling towards you rapidly once they spot you. Again, moving up the staircase can help with the fight to bring them into a wider fighting area or help with kiting them.\nThe first left on this tunnel is the room sealed by an imp statue, use a Stonesword Key here to open the room. Inside you will find 2 skeleton enemies on the left side, on the body leaning against the tombstone in the room you will find the Rosus' Axe.\nHeading forward will bring you to the room with multiple guillotines, as well as 2 skeleton archers. Running past this area will lead you to a corner room with another rolling skeleton and a ladder to go down to the sewer level. In the sewer level there are many small crabs that are non-hostile, they will drop crab eggs when killed. From here you can also see the lever below the lit statue kept behind the rusted bars, the way to get behind the bars is elsewhere. Going forward will trigger the Giant Crabs to rise up from the ground, one in front but also one behind the player. A Rune Arc is found at the end of the sewer area. \nTo advance in this Catacombs, the player has to go to the room with the multiple guillotines and then ride a guillotine blade upwards to land on the platform above. Kill the skeleton archers in the room to stop them interfering. In the tunnel connected to the platform above are 2 enemies in a small space, carefully dispatch them to proceed to a long and large room with many statues of Erdtree Burial Watchdogs and multiple enemies. Keep following the path and the wall at the end of the path will disappear when attacked, revealing the golden veil for the fight with the Black Knife Assassin. There is a Golden Summon Sign before the fight that will allow you to summon D, Hunter of the Dead to cooperate with you for this fight. There are certain conditions for the summon sign to appear: It seems you must be on this stage of Rogier's quest, have completed D's quest and then have spoken with D about Rogier's quest.\nOn the right side of the room with the vanishing wall is a small shaft behind a Grave Glovewort. Falling down this shaft will put the player at the lever to open the locked catacomb doors. There you will find the Ghost Glovewort as well as two skeleton enemies and the lever to open the rusted gate to lead you out. \n BOSS BATTLE: BLACK KNIFE ASSASSIN\nFor this fight, using the Golden Summon Sign and bringing D will greatly ease the fight by having another character tanking and being focused by the boss. The Black Knife Assassin boss is fast moving, dodging many attacks as they move. They have 2 distinct attacks that are easy to predict and dodge. When their arm glows red they will fire out a red projectile at the player, they also occasionally jump up high with a large jumping attack that is easily sidestepped. Defeat this boss to obtain the Assassin's Cerulean Dagger as well as the Black Knifeprint and 3150 Runes.\nBOSS BATTLE: CEMETERY SHADE\nThe fight with the Cemetery Shade features multiple skeleton enemies that assist the boss. The fight can get very dangerous when surrounded by them and hit with the green projectile from the boss, binding the player in place. The Cemetery Shade boss also has short blinks that allow it to dodge attacks as it approaches the player to attack in melee. Position yourself around the pillars to use them to absorb the binding projectiles as these move quite fast and may be hard to dodge naturally. Defeating this boss will reward you with the Twinsage Sorcerer Ashes as well as 3500 Runes. There is a chest in the room with a Deathroot found inside.\n\nElden Ring Black Knife Catacombs Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What unique loot can be found in the Black Knife Catacombs in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Black Knifeprint, Twinsage Sorcerer Ashes, Assassin's Cerulean Dagger, Rosus' Axe, Deathroot, Rune Arc, Spellproof Dried Liver.
