CONTEXT
\n\n Chariot \n\nLocation\nFringefolk Hero's GraveAuriza Hero's GraveGelmir Hero's Grave \n\nDrops\nErdtree Greatbow Tree Sentinel SetAsh of War: Holy Ground\n\nChariot is a Grave Enemy in Elden Ring. The Chariots are fast moving colossal machines usually accompanied with a rider statue on top, and are found in Hero's Grave Dungeons. In multiple grave sites, the objects around the environment provide a way to destroy these Chariots, dropping great rewards. \n\nElden Ring Chariot Locations\nWhere to Find Chariot:\n\nFringefolk Hero's Grave [Elden Ring Map Link]\nAuriza Hero's Grave [Elden Ring Map here]\nGelmir Hero's Grave [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nElden Ring Chariot Drops\n\nErdtree Greatbow (Fringefolk Hero's Grave) [Elden Ring Map Link]\nTree Sentinel Set  (Auriza Hero's Grave) [Elden Ring Map here]\nAsh of War: Holy Ground (Auriza Hero's Grave) [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nChariot Notes & Tips\n\nFringefolk Hero's Grave [Elden Ring Map Link]: Chariot can be destroyed by shooting the large suspended jars. For that you need to access the balcony above the first Junction with the Castle Guard Phantom (See the attached link for clearer instructions). Clear them out first and at this point if you look up there will be 3 large suspended jars. You will need a ranged weapon to hit those ropes holding them up. Time it right so that the chariot is directly underneath. When the jar falls on the Chariot, it will be destroyed. You can then obtain the Erdtree Greatbow.\n\nAuriza Hero's Grave [Elden Ring Map here]: Just before the door leading towards the boss, there is a pit with some wooden planks, you can jump on them and a body hanging on the ledge tells you where to drop. After reaching the planks, go down them until you get to the stone pillars and proceed through the area. There are two levels, which both have loot. The bottom level is accessible by dropping onto the stone rails from the first level. Continue onward up the next ladder and forward, a chariot will spawn on the slope as you approach. Run up the slope to the right side into the chamber. Strike the pillar and run out of the room, so that it stays in raised. Then run down the slope to the left and escape. Proceed onwards. You'll come into another room with the pillar. Set the pillar so that the guiding light sage shoots the beam through the window in the room. Then jump down into the small alcove. This will summon a new chariot, leading the chariots to crash into each other, breaking and leaving you with a new Ash of War and the Tree Sentinel Set: \n\nAsh of War: Holy Ground\nTree Sentinel Helm\nTree Sentinel Armor\nTree Sentinel Gauntlets\nTree Sentinel Greaves\nYou can also destroy the chariotnear the start of the grave. After the first chariot spawns, drop down and proceed through the underground section till you get to the next path. Using Margit's Shackles will spawn the next chariot early, causing them to crash into each other.\n\nGelmir Hero's Grave [Elden Ring Map Link]: One of the chariots in this grave is missing its rider and therefore can be ridden on to take you to the next area of the grave. \n\nElden Ring Creatures & Enemies\n\nAbductor Virgin  ♦  Abnormal Stone Cluster  ♦  Albinauric  ♦  Albinauric Wolfback Archer  ♦  Anastasia Tarnished-Eater  ♦  Ancestral Follower  ♦  Ancestral Follower Shaman  ♦  Avionette Soldier  ♦  Azula Beastman  ♦  Baleful Shadow  ♦  Banished Knight  ♦  Basilisk  ♦  Battlemage  ♦  Bear  ♦  Blackflame Monk  ♦  Bloody Finger Nerijus  ♦  Bloody Finger Ravenmount Assassin  ♦  Boar  ♦  Broken Statue  ♦  Burning Slug  ♦  Celebrant  ♦  Chanting Winged Dame  ♦  Chief Guardian Arghanthy  ♦  Clayman  ♦  Colossal Fingercreeper  ♦  Commoner  ♦  Construct  ♦  Crab  ♦  Crystal Snail  ♦  Crystal Sorcerer  ♦  Deer  ♦  Demi-Human  ♦  Demi-Human Queen  ♦  Depraved Perfumer  ♦  Direwolf  ♦  Dog  ♦  Duelist  ♦  Eagle  ♦  Edgar the Revenger  ♦  Errant Sorcerer Wilhelm  ♦  Exile Soldier  ♦  Fallen Hawks Soldier  ♦  Farum Azula Dragon  ♦  Festering Fingerprint Vyke  ♦  Fingercreeper  ♦  Fire Monk  ♦  Fire Prelate  ♦  Flame Guardian  ♦  Frenzied Villager  ♦  Giant Ant  ♦  Giant Bat  ♦  Giant Crab  ♦  Giant Crayfish  ♦  Giant Dog  ♦  Giant Dragonfly  ♦  Giant Land Octopus  ♦  Giant Land Squirt  ♦  Giant Miranda Sprout  ♦  Giant Rat  ♦  Giant Skeletal Slime  ♦  Giant Skeleton (Spirit)  ♦  Glintstone Dragon  ♦  Glintstone Sorcerer  ♦  Godrick Foot Soldier  ♦  Golem  ♦  Great Horned Tragoth  ♦  Great-Jar Warrior  ♦  Guardian  ♦  Guillemot  ♦  Haligtree Foot Soldier  ♦  Haligtree Knight  ♦  Haligtree Soldier  ♦  High Page  ♦  Highwayman  ♦  Inaba, Disciple of Okina  ♦  Inquisitor Ghiza  ♦  Juno Hoslow, Knight of Blood  ♦  Kaiden Sellsword  ♦  Knight of Zamor  ♦  Land Octopus  ♦  Land Squirt  ♦  Lazuli Sorcerer  ♦  Lesser Alabaster Lord  ♦  Lesser Black Knife Assassin  ♦  Lesser Bloodhound Knight  ♦  Lesser Burial Watchdog  ♦  Lesser Demi-Human Chief  ♦  Lesser Dragonkin Soldier (Spirit)  ♦  Lesser Fingercreeper  ♦  Lesser Kindred of Rot (Pests)  ♦  Lesser Mad Pumpkin Head  ♦  Lesser Misbegotten Warrior  ♦  Lesser Omenkiller  ♦  Lesser Red Wolf of Radagon  ♦  Lesser Runebear  ♦  Lesser Sanguine Noble  ♦  Lesser Spirit-Caller Snail  ♦  Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit  ♦  Lesser Wormface  ♦  Leyndell Foot Soldier  ♦  Leyndell Knight  ♦  Leyndell Soldier  ♦  Lion Guardian  ♦  Living Jar  ♦  Lone Wolf  ♦  Mad Tongue Alberich  ♦  Maleigh Marais, Shaded Castle Castellan  ♦  Malformed Star  ♦  Man-Serpent  ♦  Mausoleum Foot Soldier  ♦  Mausoleum Knight  ♦  Mausoleum Soldier  ♦  Miner  ♦  Miranda Sprout  ♦  Misbegotten  ♦  Monstrous Crow  ♦  Mounted Knight  ♦  Nameless White Mask  ♦  Night Maiden  ♦  Noble Sorcerer  ♦  Nomad  ♦  Nox Monk  ♦  Nox Swordstress  ♦  Old Knight Istvan  ♦  Omen  ♦  Oracle Envoy  ♦  Oracle Envoy Giant  ♦  Owl  ♦  Page  ♦  Preceptor Miriam  ♦  Putrid Avatar  ♦  Putrid Corpse  ♦  Radahn Foot Soldier  ♦  Radahn Soldier  ♦  Raya Lucaria Foot Soldier  ♦  Raya Lucaria Knight  ♦  Raya Lucaria Soldier  ♦  Recusant Henricus  ♦  Redmane Knight  ♦  Revenant  ♦  Rileigh the Idle  ♦  Rotten Duelist  ♦  Scarlet Rot Zombie  ♦  School of Graven Mages  ♦  Serpent Snail  ♦  Servant of Rot  ♦  Sheep  ♦  Silver Tear  ♦  Skeletal Bandit  ♦  Skeletal Militiaman  ♦  Skeletal Slime  ♦  Skeletal Snail  ♦  Skeleton Mage  ♦  Skeletons  ♦  Slug  ♦  Soldier  ♦  Spirit Jellyfish  ♦  Spirit NPC  ♦  Springhare  ♦  Starcaller  ♦  Tanith's Knight  ♦  Teardrop Scarab  ♦  Thorn Sorcerer  ♦  Troll  ♦  Troll Knight  ♦  Turtle  ♦  Twinsage Sorcerer  ♦  Unobtainable Items  ♦  Vargram the Raging Wolf  ♦  Vulgar Militant  ♦  Wandering Nobles  ♦  Warhawk  ♦  Wild Mouflon  ♦  Wraith Caller\n\n

QUESTION
What are the methods to destroy the Chariot enemy in Elden Ring and what rewards can be obtained by doing so?

ANSWER
The methods to destroy the Chariot enemy in Elden Ring are shooting large suspended jars above the chariot, causing them to fall on it, or summoning multiple chariots to crash into each other. The rewards for destroying the Chariots include the Erdtree Greatbow, Tree Sentinel Set, and Ash of War: Holy Ground.
