CONTEXT
\n\n Auriza Hero's Grave \n\nA tomb found on the outskirts of the Royal Capital. Larger than most catacombs, this was built to honor a fallen champion and is heavily guarded to this day.\n\nAuriza Hero's Grave is a Location in Elden Ring. The Auriza Hero's Grave is found in the eastern section of the Capital Outskirts. Players can reach this location by following the main path within the outskirt walls, all the way to the east.\n\nAuriza Hero's Grave Map\n[Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Auriza Hero's Grave\n\nNo NPCs or Merchants in this location.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Auriza Hero's Grave\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nRoot Resin\nArrow (Skeleton drop)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nx1 Ghost Glovewort [6]\nx2 Ghost Glovewort [5]\nx4 Grave Glovewort [6]\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCrucible Axe Set (Crucible Knights drop)\nOrdovis's Greatsword (Crucible Knights drop)\nTree Sentinel Set (Chariot drop)\nCrucible Feather Talisman\nGolden Epitaph\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nAsh of War: Holy Ground (Chariot drop)\nVulgar Militia Ashes\nx1 Stonesword Key\nx1 Golden Rune [7]\n\nElden Ring Auriza Hero's Grave Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nBasilisk\nChariot\nOmen\nSkeletal Militiaman\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nCrucible Knight\nCrucible Knight Ordovis\n\nAuriza Hero's Grave Walkthrough\nBefore heading here, make sure you have one Stonesword Key ready to use on an Imp statue. Upon arriving, you'll find the Site of Grace for this location. On the left side of an altar, you'll see an arch doorway that is blocked by a white fog. Use the Stonesword Key on the Imp Statue and inside that room, you'll encounter two Basilisk enemies. There's a corpse here that you can loot to find the Golden Epitaph weapon.\nFrom the site of grace, head west where you'll need to traverse some slopes that head down to the lower section of this location. As you move towards the slope, a large environmental hazard, a Chariot, will appear. This isn't the only Chariot that will appear; there will be multiple ones as you progress.\nMethod 1\nOn this first slope sprint down and about halfway, move to the alcove on the left or right to take cover. The alvcoves are located just past the third torch down.  There will be two Skeleton enemies that will reanimate when enter the alcove if you chose the one on the right. Wait for the Chariot to move past you and run all the way down till you reach the first set of pillars and arches. Stand directly under this arch for now. \nNext, you'll have to go up a second slope. The two Chariots won't hit you if you're standing in between the pillars on the right or left side.\nWait for the second Chariot to go up, move up along with it to the flat top area and run into the far corner.\nMethod 2\nRun down the slope on the right side, ducking into cover as needed. Wait for the Chariot to pass then run and jump down into the gap on the right side. You will have to fight some Basilisks. Proceed through and you will come to the double wide slope.\nClearing the Chariots\n\nFor the third slope, you'll notice that this slope is wide compared to the first two. There are two Chariots on the third slope that simultaneously moves up and down. Examine how both Chariots move so that you know which way to move.\nIn the middle of this large ramp, you'll notice that there is a gap that you can drop to. Use this to take cover. You'll find a body here that can be looted to find x1 Stonesword Key and x1 Ghost Glovewort [6] that is guarded by a single Skeleton enemy. As you continue heading down, if you need to take cover, just near the end of the slope, there's another alcove on the right side that you can use to take cover, but there's another Skeleton enemy here that will ambush you.\nMake your way to the next row of pillars, sprinting in a zig-zag direction to dodge the chariots. Stand in between the pillars so that you won't get hit by the Chariot that will spawn ahead of you. Notice as well that there is a body hanging by the edge of the slope on the left, loot it to find x1 Golden Rune [7]. You should still be near the row of pillars.\nUse the body as an indication of where to drop down. Before jumping, you'll notice the thin wooden plank structures over the large drop. This is is where you'll be dropping. Drop down the first short plank then onto the lower longer one directly underneath. Then you'll want to drop to the perpendicular plank and walk along it. You'll find the ashes here and another lower plank at the end perpendicular to the one you're on. Drop down one last time and make your way into the next area that it leads to. You should see a statue. Clear the toads in the area and you'll come across a corpse where you can loot Vulgar Militia Ashes. This area will also be filled with Basilisk Creatures.\nReturn to the wooden beams over the large drop. You should be able to drop down one more level onto a the narrow stone arches. Follow the narrow route all the way to the end. This area will have one large archway and a ladder. Ascend the ladder and you'll find yourself with another Chariot at the end of the tunnel. There's only one short slope left that goes up. You need to take cover by using the corner on the left side and then run up the slope to the right side into the chamber.\nCollect the Grave Glovewort (6), then hit the fire-breathing pillar so that it's breathing fire out the way you came in. You can time things such that you can dive back into the safe spot on the left of the ramp without taking any damage, then race to the bottom of the path, and take out the Omen guarding the Crucible Feather Talisman. (If you die on the way, don't worry, you've already done the step you need to destroy the chariots. Return to the wide ramp with two chariots and watch the carnage unfold!) Take the elevator up from the branch in the path, and then navigate around the fire-breathing pillar that you've already raised. Collect the Grave Glovewort (6) and 3x Great Dragonfly Head on the way and drop into an alcove that's right next to the wide ramp with two chariots. You'll notice that raising the pillar has created a sigil that will summon a third chariot in this area causing the chariots to crash into each other, breaking and leaving you with Ash of War: Holy Ground and the Tree Sentinel Set. Go north further to open the door leading to the boss area. You are also free to explore the area without interruptions from this point forward.\n(Alternate solution: As soon as you've reached one of the safe spots in the wide ramp with two chariots, use either Margit's Shackle or Mohg's Shackle. The range of these items can pass through walls, and it causes the fire-breathing pillar to be raised from your current location. This then places the summoning sigil right in the middle of this ramp, causing all three chariots to be destroyed and leaving you the freedom to explore the rest of the area without the tedium of navigating around the chariots.)\nBoss Area\nBeyond the door, simply head down the steps. This section is guarded by a few Skeleton enemies, it should be easy for you to fight and pass through them. At the bottom-section is a large archway that is covered with a gold mist. Beyond it serves as the arena for the bosses of this location, the Crucible Knight and Crucible Knight Ordovis. We suggest that when you are fighting them, to take out the spear-wielding Crucible Knight first and to use any of your upgraded or strong Spirit Ashes. This way, you won't have to fight the bosses on your own.\nSuccessfully defeating them both yields 28000 Runes and rewards the Ordovis's Greatsword, as well as the Armor pieces for the Crucible Axe Set. There are some Root Resin materials that you can get in this boss arena - simply use the portal here to return to the entrance.\nElden Ring Auriza Hero's Grave Gallery and Notes\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What items and creatures can be found in Elden Ring's Auriza Hero's Grave?

ANSWER
Root Resin, Arrow, Ghost Glovewort, Grave Glovewort, Crucible Axe Set, Ordovis's Greatsword, Tree Sentinel Set, Crucible Feather Talisman, Golden Epitaph, Ash of War: Holy Ground, Vulgar Militia Ashes, Stonesword Key, Golden Rune, Basilisk, Chariot, Omen, Skeletal Militiaman, Crucible Knight, Crucible Knight Ordovis.
