CONTEXT
\n\n Highroad Cave \n\nA cave that houses a tomb, deep within. It is situated at the northmost part of Limgrave. It has been inhabited by a pack of Wolves, Land Octopuses, and Giant Bats.\n\nHighroad Cave is a Location in Elden Ring. The Highroad Cave is found in Stormhill, Limgrave. You can find the cave at the far northside of Limgrave [Map Coordinates Here]. The nearest site of grace to reach the entrance of the cave is the Saintsbridge site. Make sure to bring a Torch before entering this cave.\nTo reach the cave from the Saintsbridge site of grace, ride onto the bridge and jump into the updraft off the south side of the bridge. Watch out for the giant land octopuses at the bottom. Head north along the river. The entrance to the cave is a dark, unmarked tunnel on the left (west) side of the cliff wall. \nHighroad Cave Map\nSee the exact location on the Elden Ring Map\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Highroad Cave\n\nNo NPCs and/or Merchants in this location.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Highroad Cave\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nCave Moss\nSilver Firefly\nx2 Fire Grease\nx3 Arteria Leaf\nx1  Golden Rune (1)\nx1 Golden Rune (4)\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nx3 Smithing Stone (1)\nx1 Smithing Stone (2)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nx1 Shamshir\nx1 Blue Dancer Charm (Boss Drop)\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nx1 Furlcalling Finger Remedy\n\nElden Ring Highroad Cave Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nWolf\nGiant Bat\nLand Octopus\nGiant Land Octopus\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nGuardian Golem\n\nHighroad Cave Walkthrough\nIt is recommended to enter this cave with a Torch. Drop down into the lower platform and continue dropping to each lower platform. You'lll move through a short tunnel that will lead to another small area with a hole. There is a Golden Rune (1) in a side cave here. Drop down to the next platforms to get to the lower levels. \nOnce you reach the bottom, take the lower route. The upper path will lead to a dead end. the lower will contain some wolves. Roll through the barrels to the left and continue to find a corpse with Arteria Leaves x3 .  If you loot them, there will be a wolf behind you. Drop down to find more wolves and Fire Grease.\nYou'll eventually reach an opening and a waterfall. Expect an encounter with Giant Bats. There is a Smithing Stone (1) behind you after you have dropped for the first time. there is a cave upstream from the waterfall too with more bats and Land Octopus. You will come across Smithing Stone (2) and Golden Rune (4).\nHead back out towards and drop down along the waterfall, no jumping required. Hop onto the platform with the fallen pillar and take it across to the next platform. Take out the bats and on this platform you can loot a Shamshir. Continue to your left and you will face a Giant Land Octopus and there is a Furlcalling Finger Remedy on a ledge further down the tunnels. Hop off into the bigger waterfall and go through. You are now on the right side of the cave from the central platform with the Shamshir. Proceed to the boss encounter. Defeating the Guardian Golem will drop the Blue Dancer Charm. Map Link.\n\nElden Ring Highroad Cave Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can one safely navigate through Highroad Cave in Elden Ring to reach the Guardian Golem boss encounter?

ANSWER
To safely navigate through Highroad Cave in Elden Ring to reach the Guardian Golem boss encounter, enter with a torch, proceed downwards, watch out for wolves and bats, find the Shamshir, and defeat the Guardian Golem for the Blue Dancer Charm.
