CONTEXT
\n\n Ranni the Witch \n\nLocation\nRanni's Rise, Three Sisters\n\nRole\nMain NPC - Affects Endings\n\nVoiced by\nAimee-Ffion Edwards\n\nRanni the Witch is an NPC in Elden Ring. Ranni the Witch is a mysterious figure who first introduces herself as Renna. Upon meeting her again at Three Sisters, she reveals her true name and eventually will recruit you into her servitude, sending you off in search of a hidden treasure. This page covers vital information for Ranni's questline for Elden Ring.\n\n I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path.\n\nRanni is the daughter of Radagon and Rennala. After Radagon departed and became the consort to Marika, Ranni and her siblings were raised to demigod status, as they were now the children of the consort of a goddess. She appears to have some involvement in The Night of Black Knives, where Black Knife Assassins stole a shard of the Rune of Death and murdered Godwyn, the Golden. At the same time, Ranni seems to have lost her original body and now resides as spirit inhabiting an artificial doll body, seeking to restore her Empyrean status with the aid of blacksmith Iji, preceptor Seluvis, wolf warrior Blaidd, and the Tarnished.\n\nRanni the Witch Location in Elden Ring\nRanni the Witch can be found at Ranni's Rise in the Three Sisters sub-region of Liurnia of the Lakes for a majority of  Ranni's questline.\n\nRanni Questline: How to Complete Ranni's Quest in Elden Ring\nRanni's Quest - First Meeting\n\nRanni is first encountered going by the name Renna, when the player teleports to the Church of Elleh early on, after you have met Melina and acquired Torrent\nOnce she has arrived, she will call out to the player to approach and speak with them. Upon doing so and answering her question in the affirmative, she will gift the player with the Spirit Calling Bell and the Lone Wolf Ashes. She will then disappear after being spoken to again, walking far enough away from her, or attempting to rest at the Site of Grace. [Map Link]\n\nRanni's Quest - Missed First Meeting\n\nIf the player somehow misses their first encounter with Ranni, this will not prevent her quest from being completed. She can next be found in the Liurnia region, at the top of Ranni's Rise. To access the area where Ranni's Rise resides, you must defeat Royal Knight Loretta at the Caria Manor.\nIf her initial encounter is missed, where she gifts the player the Spirit Calling Bell and Lone Wolf Ashes, both can then be found and purchased from the Twin Maiden Husks at the Roundtable Hold.\nPlease note, Ranni will not appear in the Ranni's Rise for the next step of her quest line if the Radahn Festival has already started at Redmane Castle (the Radahn Festival begins outside of Ranni's quest line progression if you have either activated the Grand Lift of Dectus or activated any Sites of Grace found within the Altus Plateau). This is because Blaidd is required to continue her quest line and he will not leave the Radahn Festival until Starscourge Radahn has been defeated. Once Starscourge Radahn has been defeated, Ranni will reappear at Ranni's Rise and her quest line can be continued from then on.\n\nRanni's Quest - The Hidden Treasure of Nokron\n\nRanni is later found in Liurnia atop Ranni's Rise. She tasks the player with finding the hidden treasure of Nokron and asks that you speak with three people in her service: War Counselor Iji, Half-Wolf Warrior Blaidd, and Preceptor Seluvis. The three will then appear as spectral projections within her tower that can be spoken with. \n\nThe player will be unable to leave the tower area until all three people have been spoken with and their dialogue exhausted (a fog wall barrier will physically block the player from leaving the area by foot/hoof and fast travel will be disabled). After speaking to the three, returning to Ranni and speaking with her will have her reveal that she is going to fall into a deep slumber soon and will not be able to speak with the player for some time. Once the player is finished speaking with Ranni, the player will be able to leave the area and fast travel again as normal. \nUpon first meeting her at Ranni's Rise, if she tells you to begone after mentioning the curse mark on her discarded body and won't recruit you into her service, you will need to return to Rogier at the Roundtable Hold and speak with him. He will suggest that you join into her service in order to learn more about where her curse mark could be found. You can then return to Ranni and speak with her to continue her quest line.\n\nBlaidd will be waiting in the Siofra River area [Map Link] (travel east from the Siofra River Bank Site of Grace until you reach the area where a Spirit Spring can be found, Blaidd will be standing nearby, however, be sure to defeat any enemies nearby as they can persue you and cause issues with speaking with Blaidd). He will reveal that he suspects that Preceptor Seluvis knows more than he lets on and suggests that you go and speak with him. Upon speaking with Seluvis, he will inform you that Sorceress Sellen might have some information as to how to enter Nokron, and then provides you with Seluvis's Introduction to show her. Upon speaking with Sellen at the Waypoint Ruins and showing her Seluvis's Introduction, she informs the player that Starscourge Radahn has used his power to stop the movement of the stars, and that the only way to restore their movement and find an entrance into Nokron is to slay him. \n\nNOTE: Informing Blaidd of what you've learned from Sellen concerning the stars and Radahn's actions will trigger the festival and temporarily alter the accessible layout of Redmane Castle also potentially pausing certain NPC quests and interactions. Moreso, there have been cases where only talking to Sellen without talking to Blaidd afterwards also causes the festival to trigger.\nPlease note, if the player was unable to tolerate his "pleasant demeanor" and has killed Preceptor Seluvis, Blaidd will be hostile to you, and cause Ranni's quest line to halt until the player seeks Absolution at the Church of Vows.\nAlternative ways to trigger the festival (and thus to kill Starscourge Radahn) are: \n\nAccessing Altus Plateau, either via activating the Grand Lift of Dectus or through the Ruin-Strewn Precipice, will automatically trigger the festival on Redmane Castle.\nThe player can also access Redmane Castle earlier, talk to Jerren and tell him about Iji, which in turn will suggest you to tell something to Iji. If the player then goes back to Iji and talks to him about Jerren, he will tell the player about going back to the festival, thus activating it. This can be done even if the player hasn't met Blaidd at Siofra River.\n\nOnce Radahn has been slain, the stars will be freed to continue their flight, with one of them landing somewhere nearby. Returning to Iji and speaking with him reveals that the fallen star struck Limgrave (the site is south of Mistwood, fairly close to the ruins where the player could have first met Blaidd) and has created a new entrance into Nokron. Travelling to Limgrave, the landing site is hard to miss, as gravity magic from the fallen star has caused large chunks of rock to become permanently suspended in the air above the landing site. By carefully making their way down, the player can reach the city of Nokron. To reach the section of the city that holds the treasure Ranni wants, you must push through until you reach the Ancestral Woods Site of Grace [Map Link] and then jump across the nearby ledge and back into the city. Continue onward into the city and you will eventually find a treasure chest containing the Fingerslayer Blade, the secret treasure of Nokron that Ranni seeks.\n\nRanni's Quest - Releasing Ranni\n\n[!] Please note; Giving Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade will cause Preceptor Seluvis to become a lifeless puppet, which effectively locks you out of further interaction in his questline (And possibly prevents you from giving Seluvis' Potion to Dung Eater). If you want to get the Magic Scorpion Charm from Seluvis in this playthrough, you need to start and/or continue through his quest line until he gifts the amulet to you, before giving Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade. After recieving the Magic Scorpion Charm, you may safely carry on with Ranni's quest line. \n\nIf Seluvis has given you the Amber Draught to give to Ranni at this point, once you have given her the Fingerslayer Blade you will no longer have the option to give the Amber Draught to Ranni. \n\nHowever, don't be afraid of losing the option to give her the Amber Draught;  As you aren't rewarded with anything for trying to give it to her, because it doesn't work on her and only serves to make her disappointed with you and halt her quest line until you seek Absolution at the Church of Vows.\n\nUpon returning to Ranni and giving her the Fingerslayer Blade, she will reward the player with the Carian Inverted Statue, which they can use at the pedestal at the entrance to the Carian Study Hall to reach the top of the Divine Tower of Liurnia. After speaking with her, Ranni will leave to continue her quest alone. Upon arriving at the top of the Divine Tower of Liurnia, you will be able to find the Cursemark of Death upon the remains of Ranni's original body, which is severely burnt.\nAfter giving the Fingerslayer Blade to Ranni, you can speak with Iji, and he will tell you where Ranni has gone (mentioning Renna's Rise in the process) and the Carian Filigreed Crest will be added to his merchant inventory for purchase, if you had yet to unlock its availability.\nAt this point, the seal blocking access to Renna's Rise will have vanished, allowing access inside the tower. Upon reaching the top of the ladder within, you can find a chest containing the Snow Witch Set that Ranni wore. Upon reaching the top of the tower, you can find a waygate that will transport you to Ainsel River Main, where you can loot a Miniature Ranni doll nearby. After acquiring the doll, rest at the Ainsel River Main Site of Grace. [Map Link] You will see a new option listed amongst the others, that being "Talk to miniature Ranni." Select this option three times and Ranni will speak to you revealing that Ranni has possessed the doll. Annoyed at your interference, she will then task the player with defeating the Baleful Shadow found further into the area. The Baleful Shadow can be found just beyond the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace in Nokstella, Eternal City. It is an agile and fairly strong opponent, so take caution when fighting it. After defeating the Baleful Shadow, Ranni will thank the player and reward them with the Discarded Palace Key. Ranni will then say farewell as she still has things to do, her spirit leaving the doll.\n\nRanni's Quest - Returning to Ranni\n\nYou are able to use the Discarded Palace Key to unlock the chest found in the Raya Lucaria Grand Library next to Rennala. Inside you will find the Dark Moon Ring. With this ring in hand, travel back to the Lake of Rot in the Ainsel River area, and continue onward into the Grand Cloister.\nBy interacting with the stone coffin in the Grand Cloister [Map Link] (you can interact with it from a distance so that you do not have to stand in the Scarlet Rot water), the player can access a new area where they can find and defeat Astel, Naturalborn of the Void. After its defeat, a new exit path can be traversed through (without having the Dark Moon Ring, an impassable magic seal blocks this exit). This path allows access to the southern-most section of Liurnia, the Moonlight Altar. Your next destination is the nearby Cathedral of Manus Celes. After collecting the 11 Starlight Shards scattered about, drop down the hole near the Site of Grace and continue through the tunnel until you reach a recent battle site. \n\nPlease note, Glintstone Dragon Adula will suddenly materialize near the Cathedral of Manus Celes, regardless of whether or not the dragon was forced to retreat at Three Sisters, so take caution when exploring the area.\n\nInteract with Ranni's doll body to place the Dark Moon Ring on Ranni's finger. Her doll body will then disappear and Ranni, fully restored to her previous life-sized doll form, will appear and thank the player. She confirms that the player is now her consort, and promises that they will meet again. After Ranni vanishes, an item will appear where she once stood. Loot the item to acquire the Dark Moon Greatsword.\nProvided Ranni's quest line has been completed, after defeating the Elden Beast, a blue summon sign will appear on the ground near Marika's broken remains. The player can interact with this summon sign (instead of interacting with Marika's remains) to acquire the "Age of the Stars" ending. Doing so will also unlock a related game achievement/trophy.\n\nDialogue in Elden Ring: Ranni the Witch\nMeeting at Church of Elleh\n\nThis way, Tarnished.May I have a word?A pleasure to meet thee, Tarnished.I am the witch Renna.I'd heard tell of a Tarnished hurtling about atop a spectral steed.And upon looking into the matter, the talk, I surmise, is of thee.Thou'rt possessed of the power, no?To call forth the spectral steed named Torrent.\n\nI can call the spectral steed§\n\nAh. As I had hoped.I was entrusted this, for thee.By Torrent's former master.'Tis a bell for calling forth spirits.Summon them with it, from ash unreturned to the Erdtree.The spirits will obey thine command but briefly, as they recall battles past.Now it is thine. To do with as thou wishest.\nForgive mine intrusion, Tarnished.I doubt we shall again meet. But all the same, learn well the Lands Between.How long will it be, I wonder...Before the Tarnished tire of obesiance to the Two Fingers?\n\nI cannot call the spectral steed\n\nTrifle not with me, Tarnished.Or didst thou merely forget?The name of the spectral steed thou callest?\nI will ask thee again.Thou'rt possessed of the power, no?To call forth the spectral steed named Torrent.\nQuite the stubborn one, aren't we?Wise, in a way. The Lands Between are home to liars and cheats aplenty.Perhaps thine ample mistrust will be to thy benefit.I shall leave this for thee, at the behest of Torrent's former master.Take it, shouldst thou overcome thy suspicion....\n\nIf attacked at Church of Elleh\n\nWhat hopest thou to profit?...\nNo sense in arguing, I see.Thou'rt a wild one, indeed.Torrent hath quite the ruffian chosen......\n\nUpon defeating Rennala's first phase in Raya Lucaria Academy\n\nUpon my name as Ranni the Witch.Mother's rich slumber shall not be disturbed by thee.Foul trespasser.Send word far and wide.Of the last Queen of Caria, Rennala of the Full Moon.And the majesty of the night she conjureth.\n\nMeeting at Ranni's Rise \n\nOh, again we cross paths.I believe I said my name was Renna, when last we met.It pleaseth me to see Torrent hale and hearty...But Tarnished, what business hast thou here?I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.\n\nMeeting at Ranni's Rise without having met at Church of Elleh\n\nMm? a Tarnished, here?Thou must have some business in mind, to come all this way.Though I have no memory of inking thee an invitation.\n\n§You must be Ranni the Witch, behind the Night of the Black Knives\n\nI see. Quite the sleuth, aren't we.Indeed, I am the witch Ranni.I stole a fragment of the Rune of Death, and used it to forge the godslaying black knives through fearsome rite.I did it all.But sadly for thee, the cursemark thou seekest is not to be found here.I have slain the body I was born into, and cast it away.And it is upon that flesh the cursemark is carved.\n\nWhere did the body go?\n\nAnd why should I reveal that to thee?I performed the act not to bury the past, nor in shame of the deed,But all the same, the begging compels me not a jot.The cursermark thou seekest is not here. That is all I will say.Now, begone.\n\nI wish to serve you\n\nOh, is that so?Thou wouldst render me aid, is that thy proposal?Affording thyself opportunity to grope about for the cursemark's location, no doubt?Very well...There's nothing wrong with a well-laid scheme.What's more, if my past and past wounds beckon to thee,I am curious enough to see what thy destiny portends...I'll allow it. Enter my service.And good hunting to thee.\nGood, then I ask we proceed with haste.There is, in my service, a half-wolven warrior by the name of Blaidd.I would have thee join him in searching for the hidden treasure of Nokron, the Eternal City.I have called for Blaidd to greet thee below. Take from him the particulars.Ah, and there wilt thou find Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, also.Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst.I am sure the others will be doing just the same.\nSpeak with the three who await thee below.Thou needst not indulge them unduly, but they too wish to appraise thy worth.It hath been a passing long time since a newcomer entered my service, after all.\n\nAfter speaking to her minions\n\nAh, allow me to forewarn thee.I shall soon enter my slumber.And it will be some time before I wake.This doll's body is not without its hindrances...Still, I have high hopes for thee.I look forward to the good news when I arise.\n\n§No particular reason\n\nNo reason in particular, thou claimest?Intriguing. Then mayhaps fate hath steered thee to this reunion.Wilt thou enter into my service?I am the witch Ranni. I stole Death long ago, and search now for the dark path.That I might one day upend the whole of it, and rid the world of all that came before.Well? Has that roused thy interest?\n\nServe Ranni the Witch\n\nThou'rt a rare sort. Not many would have accepted the offer.But I require as much of those under my command.I anticipate good work from thee.\n[same as "I wish to serve you"]\n\nServe Ranni the Witch, when first meeting her after defeating Radahn\n\n[same as "Serve Ranni the Witch"]\nGood, then I ask we proceed with haste.Art thou aware of the star that struck Limgrave?It left a vast crater, and through it lieth the Eternal City of Nokron.Go there and find the city's hidden treasure.\nAh, yes. Iji, my war counselor, and Seluvis, preceptor in the sorcerous arts, can be found below.Like thee, they are in my service.Heed not their peculiarities; feel secure in gaining from them what advantage thou canst.I am sure the others will be doing just the same.\n\nWhen attacked\n\nWhat hopest thou to profit?\nTo think such was thy plot. Well, I refuse to indulge thy fantasies. I relinquished a natural death long, long ago.\n\nAdminister Amber Draught (Seluvis' quest)\n\nWell, this is a most unpleasant awakening.The depths of wickedness never fail to surprise me.I am saddened. That thou wouldst succumb to such depravity.Led astray by Seluvis, with devious tonic in hand.Didst thou think to have thy way with me?Be gone. Hapless scum.I won't have another whiff of thy rotten breath.\nI have spoken. Away from my sight.\nThis is the third time, fiend.Enough of thy unbearable breath.\n\nGiving Ranni the Fingerslayer Blade\n\nAhh...It was thee. Not Blaidd, it seemeth. Even in my slumber, I sensed it.It is in thy possession, is it not? The hidden treasure of Nokron?My thanks. Finally, all the pieces are in place.Soon must I begin my journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.\nAh, but before I leave, I shall entrust thee with this.\nMy thanks, for thy sterling efforts.A strange gift, perhaps, but a rare sort such as thee would welcome it, I am sure.I am certain now, fate steered us to our reunion.I must thank Torrent too, for his part. You may leave now. It was but brief, but thou gavest me fine service.\nWhat is it? You may go.I, too, am to depart on a journey. Upon the dark path only I may tread.\n\nWhen speaking to Miniature Ranni at the Ainsel River Main Site of Grace[must attempt to speak to her 3 times before she answers]\n\nOh? A dogged fellow, aren't we?Or is it merely thy habit, to talk to dolls?Fine...fine.I hadn't expected any soul to recognize me in this guise.But now the cat is out the bag, I cannot allow thee thy freedoms.Perform for me a service, as recompense.Eliminate the Baleful Shadows which prowl these lands.The name of Ranni the Witch is already sullied by thee.I will not brook disobedience in this matter.\n\n§When speaking to Miniature Ranni at the Nokstella, Eternal City Site of Grace\n\nLet us speak of the past, a while.I was once an Empyrean.Of the demigods, only I, Miquella, and Malenia could claim that title.Each of us was chosen by our own Two Fingers, as a candidate to succeed Queen Marika, to become the new god of the coming age. Which is when I received Blaidd. In the form of a vassal tailored for an Empyrean.But I would not acquiesce to the Two Fingers.I stole the Rune of Death, slew mine own Empyrean flesh, casting it away.I would not be controlled by that thing.The Two Fingers and I have been cursing each other ever since... And the Baleful Shadows... are their assassins.\nI turned my back on the Two Fingers and we each have been cursing the other since. The Baleful Shadows... are their assassins.\n\n§When speaking to Ranni at the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace\n\nEven when I turned my back upon the Two Fingers.Blaidd remained my loyal ally.Heh. Though he was created a vassal for an Empyrean,He was a colossal failure, on the part of the Two Fingers.Blaidd, and Iji both... Art willing to give too much to me.Yet they both understand. What lieth beyond the dark path...That I must betray everything, and rid the world of what came before.Ah, should I add thee to the list?Another one, kind of heart. As kind of heart as they.\nAch, this form hath loosened my tongue.I've let slip too much.Forget what thou'st heard. Forget.\n\nWhen facing the Baleful Shadow after continuing forward from the Nokstella Waterfall Basin Site of Grace\n\nO Shadow, thou'rt the last. Tell the Two Fingers,That Ranni the Witch cometh, to rend thy flesh.With a fateful wound, ne'er to heal.\n\n§After killing the Baleful Shadow\n\nBeautifully fought.My Thanks. 'Twas more of a challenge than I envisioned.Now I can finally stand before them.This is farewell, my dear.Tell Blaidd, and Iji...I love them.\n\nAfter using the Dark Moon Ring\n\nSo, it was thee, who would become my Lord.Perhaps I needn't have warned thee.I am pleased, however. Thou'rt a fitting choice.I go now, to the night sky. It is there I shall find mine order.I bid thee travel the path of the Lord.And once all is done, we shall see each other, once more.\n\nAttacking her after using the Dark Moon Ring\n\nWhat hopest thou to profit?\nHmph. So, this is the measure of my Lord? Perhaps it is precisely what I deserve. ...For surrendering myself to delusion.\n\n§Upon speaking to Miniature Ranni at her chambers Site of Grace after finishing her questline.\n\nI take it thou'st noticed? I shouldn't be surprised. I thought I might expound a little further... Upon the order I envision.\nMine will be an order not of gold, but the stars and moon of the chill night. I would keep them far from the earth beneath our feet. As it is now, life, and souls, and order are bound tightly together, but I would have them at great remove.\nAnd have the certainties of sight, emotion, faith, and touch... All become impossibilities. Which is why I would abandon this soil, with mine order. Wouldst thou come to me, even now, my one and only lord?\n\n"Age of Stars" ending cutscene.\n\n...The battle is over, I see.\nTo every living being, and every living soul. Now cometh the age of the stars. A thousand year voyage under the wisdom of the MoonHere beginneth the chill night that encompasses all, reaching the great beyond. Into fear, doubt, and loneliness... As the path stretcheth into darkness.\nWell then. Shall we? My dear consort, eternal.\n\nElden Ring Ranni the Witch Notes & Trivia\n\nShe is the daughter of Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon, and Radagon, as well as the only daughter the two had while together.\nRanni's body was willingly slain along with Godwyn's soul (unwillingly) on the Night of the Black Knives, leading to Ranni binding her soul to a life-sized doll, modeled in the likeness of her former mentor.As seen on her former body, she had also inherited the red hair of her father, Radagon.\nRanni is one of the Empyreans chosen by the Two Fingers. \n\nRanni, unlike the other Empyreans, sought to free herself and her fate from the influence of the Two Fingers. With the help of the Tarnished she eventually killed the specific Two Fingers entity that held sway over her fate under the Cathedral of Manus Celus, using the Fingerslayer Blade, a weapon that was designed specifically to slay those of the Two Fingers.\n\nBlaidd is Ranni's Empyrean shadow and adopted half-brother, gifted to her by the Two Fingers, just as Maliketh was for Marika.\nCoincidentally, Ranni falls into a deep slumber at about the same time as Sorcerer Rogier.\nAfter completing her quest line, a new Site of Grace called "Ranni's Chamber" will appear at the top of Ranni's Rise. [Map Link] While resting at that Site of Grace, you have the option to speak to the Miniature Ranni. Doing so will have Ranni's spirit explain the details of her plan and her intentions for the world. Hearing this dialogue will change the way Ranni addresses you in the Age of Stars ending, from "Fair Consort" to "Dear Consort".\nRanni's dialogue during the Age of Stars ending was mistranslated. In the English script, Ranni states that her age will be that of the chill night, and that she wishes to make the certainties of sight, touch, faith and emotion become impossibilities. However, in the Japanese script, Ranni states that she wishes to take the chill night away, she doesn't say that she wishes to take away emotions and sensations, but that she wants to take her order and herself far away from the world. She believes that the world is better off if the order that people live within is so far away that it is not something that can be seen, touched, or worshiped. To do so, she will leave the world along with her new order, preventing either from interfering with the Lands Between and those that reside there as its ordained god, unlike Marika under the influence of the Two Fingers and the Greater Will.\nSome speculate that Ranni is the Gloam-Eyed Queen of the Godskin Apostles, but as of yet there is no reasonable evidence to prove as such. However, she is almost certainly associated with the Black Knife Assassins.\nSome speculate that Ranni and Melina have some sort of close connection, as both are spirits who lost their former bodies and both have opposing eye seals, a trait not seen in any other characters. However, given that Ranni's current doll body (and thus perhaps her eye seal) is based on her former mentor, the old snow witch, it might be that the old snow witch is the one with a connection to Melina, not Ranni.\nRanni's doll body shares a similarity with the Marionette enemies found throughout the Lands Between that appear to also have come from Liurnia, in that they both were built to have four arms.\nIf Ranni is attacked after giving her Dark Moon Ring in front of the slayed two finger, she will have a protective barrier, give some dialogue about it being what she deserved for surrounding herself with delusions and then disappear. (Blaidd will still appear Feral and you will be able to obtain his armor and weapon.). Using Celestial Dew to atone, will bring Ranni back to her position below the Church (in front of the slain two fingers)\nIf you read the description of the Dark Moon Greatsword, it reveals that swords such as it were created to be given to the betrothed of the Carian queen, as is tradition. Given this, had Ranni become the queen of Caria, Ranni's betrothed would have given her the Dark Moon Ring and Ranni would have given them the Dark Moon Greatsword in return upon the day of their betrothal.\nIt appears that Ranni's Great Rune is etched upon the surface of the moon. Gideon says that Ranni had cast aside her Great Rune, and the symbol appearing on the moon would likely be where she had placed it.\nRanni likely had a close connection (besides being siblings) with Praetor Rykard at some point in the past, given this part of the description of the Blasphemous Blade tool item "On the night of the dire plot, Ranni rewarded Praetor Rykard with these traces. Should the coming trespass one day transpire, they would serve as a last-resort foil, allowing Rykard to challenge Maliketh the Black Blade, the black beast of Destined Death." This trust in him may be tied to his utter disdain and rejection of the Erdtree and the Two Fingers, which he later acted upon during the events of The Shattering. Allowing himself to be devoured by the great sperpent of sin and thus become one with it.\n(Still testing) If you attack Ranni or her Allies at all before she falls into her slumber, Ranni will no longer become available to you at Ranni's Rise. Using Celestial Dew to atone, will bring Ranni back to her place.\n\nElden Ring NPCs\n\nAbandoned Merchant Siofra River  ♦  Aeonian Spirit  ♦  Aeonian Swamp Spirit  ♦  Albinauric Village Spirit  ♦  Albus  ♦  Ashen Spirit  ♦  Blackguard Big Boggart  ♦  Blaidd  ♦  Bloody Finger Hunter Yura  ♦  Boc the Seamster  ♦  Brother Corhyn  ♦  Carian Manor Spirit  ♦  D's Twin Brother  ♦  D, Hunter of the Dead  ♦  Deathtouched Spirit  ♦  Diallos  ♦  Dung Eater  ♦  Eclipse Spirit  ♦  Edgar  ♦  Enia  ♦  Ensha  ♦  Erdtree Sanctuary Spirit  ♦  Fia  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina  ♦  Frenzied Spirit  ♦  Frustrated Spirit  ♦  Gate Town Bridge Spirit  ♦  Gatekeeper Gostoc  ♦  Gideon Ofnir  ♦  Godwyn the Golden  ♦  Goldmask  ♦  Gowry  ♦  Grape Spirit  ♦  Gurranq Beast Clergyman  ♦  Hermit Merchant  ♦  Hyetta  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant  ♦  Irina  ♦  Iron Fist Alexander  ♦  Isolated Merchant Raya Lucaria  ♦  Isolated Merchants  ♦  Jar Bairn  ♦  Kenneth Haight  ♦  Kingsrealm Spirit  ♦  Knight Bernahl  ♦  Laiedd Spirit  ♦  Latenna  ♦  Lionel the Lionhearted  ♦  Liurnian Highway Spirit  ♦  Liurnian Lake Spirit  ♦  Lost Snow Spirit  ♦  Master Lusat  ♦  Melina  ♦  Merchant Kale  ♦  Millicent  ♦  Millicent's Sisters  ♦  Miquella  ♦  Miriel Pastor of Vows  ♦  Morne Spirit  ♦  Nepheli Loux  ♦  Nomadic Merchant Mohgwyn Palace  ♦  Nomadic Merchant West Altus Plateau  ♦  Nomadic Merchants  ♦  Patches  ♦  Pidia, Carian Servant  ♦  Preceptor Seluvis  ♦  Primeval Sorcerer Azur  ♦  Queen Marika  ♦  Renna  ♦  Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)  ♦  Roderika  ♦  Rya  ♦  Rykard  ♦  Sanguine Noble (NPC)  ♦  Shabriri  ♦  Shaded Castle Spirit  ♦  Siofra River Spirit  ♦  Smithing Master Hewg  ♦  Sorcerer Rogier  ♦  Sorceress Sellen  ♦  Stranded Graveyard Spirit  ♦  Study Hall Spirit  ♦  Tanith  ♦  The Great-Jar  ♦  The Two Fingers  ♦  Thops  ♦  Three Fingers  ♦  Tower of Return Spirit  ♦  Twin Maiden Husks  ♦  Two Fingers  ♦  Volcano Manor Spirit  ♦  Wandering Artist Spirit  ♦  War Counselor Iji  ♦  White Mask Varre  ♦  Windmill Spirit  ♦  Witch-Hunter Jerren\n\n

QUESTION
Why does Ranni the Witch seek to restore her Empyrean status and navigate the dark path by recruiting others into her service and sending them in search of hidden treasures?

ANSWER
She seeks to restore her Empyrean status by recruiting and sending others in search of hidden treasures in order to rid the world of all that came before and ultimately upend the whole of it.
