CONTEXT
\n\n Academy Crystal Cave \n\nThe depths of the Raya Lucaria Academy are rich in rose-tinted crystals, imbued with the natural magic of the area.\n\nAcademy Crystal Cave is a Location in Elden Ring. The Academy Crystal Cave is found in Liurnia of the Lakes. The entrance is found west of the Raya Lucaria Academy.\n\nAcademy Crystal Cave Map\nFind the entrance to the Academy Crystal Cave on our Elden Ring Map Here.\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Academy Crystal Cave\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants in Academy Crystal Cave.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Academy Crystal Cave\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nBudding Cave Moss\nCrystal Cave Moss\nCave Moss\nCuckoo Glintstone\nRune Arc\nSilver Firefly\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nThere are no upgrade materials in this location\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCrystal Release\nTerra Magica\nCrystal Staff\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nStonesword Key\n\nElden Ring Academy Crystal Cave Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGiant Rat\nGlintstone Sorcerer\nTwinsage Sorcerer\nBattlemage\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nCrystalians\n\nAcademy Crystal Cave Walkthrough\nThe Academy Crystal Cave can be accessed by following the Liurnia shallows towards the west of the Raya Lucaria Academy. The entrance is found on the western cliff below the academy, barred by an Imp Statue. Look for the entrance on our Elden Ring Map Here. Two Stonesword Keys are required to dispel the fog barrier. These caves are very dark except for the flashes of glintstone spells cast by the sorcerers within. It is highly recommended to equip a Torch whilst traversing the caves.\nShortly after the entry, you will find the area's Site of Grace. Continue on into the cave and look to the left for a Crystal Cave Moss. This cave is rich in this item so be on the lookout for them if you require them for crafting. There is a Rat with its back turned which you can assassinate or skip if you wish. A couple more Rats lie in the path ahead. Following the linear path, you will arrive in a large foggy cave with many pillar-sized crystals.\nThere are several Twinsage Sorcerers in this cave, armed with powerful glintstone spells. Utilize the crystal pillars to block their line of sight, as well as their projectiles. At the start of the cave, look for the lone sorcerer facing a pillar and take this chance to ambush him with a critical attack. Beware of a second sorcerer just behind that pillar and the group of three sorcerers approaching from the back of the cave. Weave around the crystals and take them out one by one, mixing in any AoE attacks when you see an opportunity to hit multiple of them. There are two more sorcerers next to each other near the north section of this cave, and one more behind a pillar a few steps ahead.\nAfter defeating all the sorcerers, look for an opening in the northwest for a small room with a cage. You can pick up a Stonesword Key from the corpse in the cage as well as some Budding Cave Moss along the walls. Go back to the large cave area and go east through a tunnel leading to a wooden doorway. Open the door and you will arrive in a storage area of sorts with a Battlemage guarding the doorway on the left. Battlemages are tanky and can take a lot more hits than the Twinsage Sorcerers. There is also a Glintstone Sorcerer patrolling the room. Go through the room the Battlemage was guarding to find another room where a Sorcerer is standing on a raised platform. Defeat the sorcerer and loot the chest in the room for a Rune Arc. To access the raised platform, attack an illusory walls close by (screenshot here) and loot another chest to collect the Crystal Staff.\nHead back to the storage area and look to the east to find the fog gate leading to this dungeon's boss: The Crystalians. This boss encounter is against a pair of Crystalian opponents. One wields a spear, while the other wields a staff. Both are protected by a thick, crystal shield, significantly reducing the damage they take from your attacks. These shields will eventually break after each Crystalian's HP reaches a certain percentage. Cracks will be visible in their shields, signifying that you can now deal full damage to them. It is highly recommended that you use a tanky summon such as the Kaiden Sellsword Ashes to distract one of the Crystalians as you focus on the other. See the Crystalians page for further details on the fight.\nDefeating this pair of bosses yields the Crystal Release Sorcery spell. Continue on to the door behind the bosses to reach an elevator that will take you to a tower within the academy. Climb the tower to find a chest containing the Terra Magica spell.\n\nElden Ring Academy Crystal Cave Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What items and equipment can be found in the Academy Crystal Cave in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Budding Cave Moss, Crystal Cave Moss, Cave Moss, Cuckoo Glintstone, Rune Arc, Silver Firefly, Crystal Release, Terra Magica, Crystal Staff, Stonesword Key
