CONTEXT
\n\n Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave \n\nA complex dungeon filled with invulnerable enemies and strange golden floor seals. \n\nGiant-Conquering Hero's Grave  is a Location in Elden Ring. The Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  is found in Mountaintops of the Giants. This location is found high atop a plateau in one of the earliest sections of the Mountaintops, but reaching it requires you to circle around most of the region's northeastern sections. See below for details.\n\nGiant-Conquering Hero's Grave Map\n[Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants at this location\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGrave Violet x2\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGhost Glovewort (9) x2\nGrave Glovewort (7) x2 \nGrave Glovewort (8) x3 \nGreat Grave Glovewort\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCranial Vessel Candlestand\nFreezing Grease\nFlame, Protect Me\nGiant's Seal\n\nAncient Hero of Zamor drops:\n\nZamor Curved Sword\nZamor Mask\nZamor Armor\nZamor Bracelets\nZamor Legwraps\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nThere are no key items in this location\n\nElden Ring Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nFire Monk\nImp\nLesser Burial Watchdog\nFire Prelate\nTroll\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nAncient Hero of Zamor\n\nElden Ring Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave Walkthrough\nHow to Reach\nThe Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave is found just northeast of the Zamor Ruins. However, it is high atop a plateau and reaching it will require some legwork and circling around most of the region's northeastern sections. Ride past the ruins and around the lower cliffs of the plateau towards the east until you reach a very narrow pathway/bridge heading northeast. Cross this treacherous path and continue heading northeast through the valley between Stargazers' Ruins and the Minor Erdtree. You should reach the narrow river section of the Freezing Lake shortly.\nContinue northeast until you reach the Freezing Lake site of grace and then head southeast, keeping close to the western edge of the lake. Once you are able to get up the hill in the west, follow it down to the Guardians' Garrison in the southwest. From here, head south and cross the giant chain bridge to find the Giants' Gravepost site of grace. From here, ride southwest, keeping close to the cliff edges and watching out for Fingercreepers littering the area. At the end of the path, there should be a small gap you can jump across to finally get to the plateau where the Hero's Grave can be accessed. Watch out for the large Fingercreeper that pops out from the gap as you approach.\nWalkthrough \nNote: This Dungeon is similar to others in that enemies (Several Imps, as well as a few Lesser Burial Watchdogs) will appear in dark, ghost forms. They cannot be damaged, staggered, or affected until they step on the golden floor seal ('the light'). The Imps and Watchdog will be staggered as they touch the Seal and lose their invulnerability.\nStepping down from the elevator inside the Catacombs, players will immediately find a Site of Grace to use. Heading into the catacombs from the Site of Grace players will see a room sealed by an imp statue. You can choose to use a Stonesword Key here to open the seal for the Flame, Protect me incantation (Faith requirement: 24) within. On the left (coming from the site of grace) is a pathway to another area.\n\nProceed down this route, and your pathway will intersect with a perpendicular pathway where a Fire Monk is patrolling back and forth.\n\nKill the Fire Monk, and turn right. You'll see two archways, the one on the right has some pottery in front of it, but the one on the left (closest to the windows) is an illusory wall.\n\nOpening the illusory wall reveals a long corridor. Proceed to the end of it, picking up a Golden Rune [11] about 3/4 of the way through, and when you reach the end, turn left and jump out of the window.\n\nWhen you land, turn left. You'll see the floor seal discussed earlier in front of you, and on your right will be a small archway to walk through.\n\nEnter it, but note that the perpendicular corridor will have a trap statue in it that spews flame.\n\nThe statue spewing the flame is too far to reach from here, but what you can do is quickly run straight, then turn right, then turn again (basically making a U-shape) into a small alcove to take cover from the flame. A Fire Monk will be waiting in this alcove for you.\nThis alcove is close enough that you can then time your run to make it to the statue and hit it before the next flame cycle.\n\nAfter turning off the flame-sprinkler, proceed up the stairs on your left.\n\nYou'll encounter your 3rd flame monk here.\n\nAround where the Flame Monk was standing is a set of stairs on your right, which lead in the direction opposite of you. Take these stairs up, and you'll find another room guarded by a Stonesword Key Imp statue. Regardless of whether or not you choose to enter, make sure to grab the Freezing Grease hanging off the ledge.\n\n(Looking through the door, you can see some loot at the very back -- this is the Cranial Vessel Candlestand warhammer.)\nIn the room is a deactivated floor seal. Activate it by using a ranged attack on the trap pillar near the fire monk who ambushed you (one level below), to raise it and activate the seal. Past the seal are three invulnerable Imps guarding a corpse with the Cranial Vessel Candlestand warhammer. Alternatively, if you're fast and lazy, you can simply run in, grab the loot, and run back out.\nOnce you're done in this room, come back out the way you came in, and proceed back down the stairs and take the lift in the room in front of you.\n\nWhen that lift gets to the bottom, step on the button again to send it back up, but get off. This will activate the seal in front of the lift and reveal an alcove in the lift bottom (but not get into it yet).\n\n(This alcove is what you'll use to access the optional basement section later -- for now we will ignore it).\nStepping off the lift, you'll see a floor seal in front of you.\n\nTo the right will be a partially demolished staircase. Since the lower half of the stairset is missing, you can't go up it, so the only way you can go is left -- where there is a large vertical door with a lever on the right side of it.\n\nOnce you open the door, you'll see a darkened Troll.\n\nLure the troll to the seal and fight it. Remember that since enemies in their darkened state are immune to damage, you cannot simply shoot an arrow to aggravate him, you must manually get close enough. This fight is not optional -- you must defeat the Troll to open the boss door.\nAfter defeating the Troll, you'll get the message saying Somewhere, a heavy door has opened which lets you know that the door to the boss is now open.\n\nThe door to the boss is just in front of where the troll you defeated was originally standing.\n\nInside the boss room, you'll find 2x Root Resin.\nBoss Fight\nThe Ancient Hero of Zamor is the boss of the dungeon. He is susceptible to bleed, and is slow moving. A spirit summon is allowed in this boss fight. Defeating him yields the Zamor Curved Sword and the entire Zamor Armor Set.\nThe Basement Section\nThe basement section is optional. Before you go down go back to the elevator and activate it with the lever, in order to go down moving the seal statue to the basement (otherwise you won't be able to fight the two Watchdogs). Now you have three options to go to the basement:\n\nIn the room where the Troll was initially, jump down to the basement, but beware of the Prelate. Afterwards you can go down a ladder or jump down a shaft. Both ways bring you to the hallway with the two Lesser Burial Watchdogs.\nWhen activating the elevator with the level so it moves down, quickly get into the alcove to ride down as well. You can now fight the two Lesser Burial Watchdogs.easier and one by one. Then go up the ladder to the left (when you enter the hallway from the elevator) to face the Prelate.\nAs an alternative, though not recommended: In the room that you lured to the Troll to, it is possible to jump onto the candlestick on the right side of the collapsed stairs. This can only be tried once as the candlestick will break if you fail (jump from the heap of rubble in front of the stairs). You can then jump onto the collapsed staircase, allowing you to get up to the upper floor. You can proceed down the ladder to the double Lesser Burial Watchdog hallway. You will have to run past both watchdogs to lure them to the seal on the left side.\n\nThe Prelate is guarding a Great Grave Glovewort, and the Giant's Seal.\nThe two Lesser Burial Watchdogs are also invulnerable and can only be fought if you lowered the elevator (see above). The elevator and the seal is behind the watchdog on the right (when you enter the hallway from the Prelate). Note: You do not have to kill them. If you choose to, they can be baited into striking each other for massive damage. You can also run past both of them and quickly take the ladder back up.\nTo go back up, use the ladder besides one of the watchdogs (the one at the end of the hallway). You will end up above the broken stairs.\n\nElden Ring Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What is the walkthrough to reach the Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave in Elden Ring's Mountaintops of the Giants location?

ANSWER
Ride past Zamor Ruins to a narrow pathway, head northeast through the valley, cross the Freezing Lake, and jump across a small gap to reach the plateau.
