CONTEXT
\n\n Gelmir Hero's Grave \n\nLarge Catacombs housing an ancient hero of Mt. Gelmir.\n\nGelmir Hero's Grave is a Location in Elden Ring. The Gelmir Hero's Grave is found in Mt. Gelmir, high above the center of the region. Players can get to the entrance of these catacombs by heading northwest from the Bridge of Iniquity site of grace, climbing up the rope ladder to the First Mt. Gelmir Campsite site of grace and heading around west. Alternatively, you can reach the catacombs by walking along the long jagged rock extending from the north of Hermit Village over the chasm (use the Primeval Sorcerer Azur Site of Grace). \nUnlike most Catacombs and Hero's Graves, the doors leading to the Boss chamber in this dungeon do not require opening with a lever, they open manually.\n\nGelmir Hero's Grave Map\nThe Gelmir Hero's Grave is found in Mt. Gelmir, high above the center of the region. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Gelmir Hero's Grave\n\nThere are no NPCs or merchants in this location.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Gelmir Hero's Grave\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGolden Rune (6)\nRowa Fruit\nHerba\nRoot Resin\nSmoldering Butterfly\nBeast Blood\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\n2x Grave Glovewort [6]\n7x Grave Glovewort [7]\n1x Ghost Glovewort [7]\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nBloodhound Knight Set\nGelmir Knight Set\nRinged Finger\nMantis Blade\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nStonesword key\nBloodhound Knight Floh\nDeathroot \n\nElden Ring Gelmir Hero's Grave Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nChariot\nLesser Bloodhound Knight\nLesser Cemetery Shade\nSkeletons\nWandering Nobles\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nRed Wolf of the Champion (moveset similar to Red Wolf of Radagon)\n\nGelmir Hero's Grave Walkthrough\n\nEquip an Ash of War: Quickstep or Ash of War: Bloodhound's Step on your weapon to be able to move quickly through lava. Several claw items, such as the Bloodhound Claws also have this weapon art.\nWith the right timing, Ash of War: Raptor of the Mists can be used to evade the chariots\n\nOnce you enter and descend to the main area you will notice one main slope, be careful when lingering on the center slope since this is the chariot's main route. Anticipate the skeletons posted as the save crevices on the sides too that will pop out as you pass. Wait for the chariot to pass you before you advance to the next section until you dip into the last hollow section on the left. \nHere you can clear the area and make your way to the tunnel with the second chariot. A Stonesword key can be obtained up the ramp to the right in the tunnel with the second chariot, but you can also keep going down the same chariot route by excessively rolling over the lava, or using Quickstep or Bloodhound's Step. Before progressing down the path with the second chariot, double back to the path of the first chariot, go down the slope with the lava, and make the turn to the left on the lava and there will be a room with a chest to obtain Ringed Finger. Travel back to the opposite side and under the last archway with a Grave Glovewort [7] and (careful!) a hole to drop down onto a ledge which will put you close to the boss. \nJump down to the section below and pick up a Grave Glovewort [7]. Head east a bit to a short ladder downward to pick up a Beast Blood x3. Climb back up the ladder. Now stand on the ledge facing the lava and wait for the chariot to arrive. At the location where it turns,  you can hop on it and ride the chariot back. A running start will help. Hop off at the end straight ahead before it turns around. Run into the alcove in front of you with a Lesser Cemetery Shade and skeleton at the end of this slope. There is a chance to gain a Mantis Blade after clearing the Shade. Pick up the Grave Glovewort [7] in the alcove.\nIf you head south up the next ramp and into the first alcove on the right, it opens into several rooms which lead back to the first area to the left of the first chariot. Instead, there are gaps on either side at the base of this ramp that you can drop down. Drop down the left one onto a ledge which will lead to a remains with Smoldering Butterfly x6 and another secret opening. Turn west into the short arch-topped corridor and before going through all the way, make a right/north into a taller and easily missed corridor. This opens up into a room with a grave violet and 2 exits to the north. Here will be a Lesser Bloodhound Knight who will drop the Bloodhound Knight Set. This is also where you can loot the Gelmir Knight Set off of a corpse.  Elden Ring Map here.\nWhen you turn around, there will be a ladder directly behind on the south wall. This leads to a ledge with many pots to break to get to a remains with Root Resin x5. There is are two windows to jump out through and find yourself on a set of wooden beams. Stand at the intersection of the wooden beams. This will put you directly above the chariot as it turns. When the chariot arrives it will momentarily pause before it makes its turn then proceeds back down the slope. Use that pause to hop on the chariot and ride it down the first slope. Keep your eyes to the right side. Unless you can reach the ledge on the right, you will need to hop off and roll on some lava to make your way to the ladder point that is also to the right. This will take you to the last fog gate where you can fight the boss, Red Wolf of the Champion. Defeating this boss will reward you with Bloodhound Knight Floh Ashes. Loot the remaining chest in the boss chamber to obtain Deathroot.\n\nGelmir Hero's Grave Gallery\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
Why is the Red Wolf of the Champion boss fought at the Gelmir Hero's Grave location in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Defeating the Red Wolf of the Champion boss at Gelmir Hero's Grave location in Elden Ring rewards players with the Bloodhound Knight Floh Ashes.
