CONTEXT
\n\n Gael Tunnel \n\nA set of tunnels found on the western edge of Caelid, along the border to Limgrave.\n\nGael Tunnel is a Location in Elden Ring. The Gael Tunnel is found in Caelid. Located in the border between Limgrave and Caelid.\n\nGael Tunnel Map\nGael Tunnel can be found along the western cliffs of Caelid, on the border to Limgrave. [Elden Ring Map Link]\nThere is a second entrance over on the Limgrave side, but it is initially barred and needs to be unlocked by completing the dungeon from the Caelid side. This entrance contains the Gael Tunnel Rear Entrance site of grace. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Gael Tunnel\n\nAlexander - Can be found here for the second time. He is found next to a closed wooden door near the alternate entrance, over on the Limgrave side of the border.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Gael Tunnel\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nCracked Crystal\nGolden Rune [5]\nSilver Firefly\n4x Large Glintstone Scrap\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\n7x Smithing Stone [4]\nSomber Smithing Stone [2]\nSomber Smithing Stone [4]\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nCross-Naginata\nGold-Pickled Fowl Foot\nGrace Mimic\nMoonveil (Magma Wyrm drop)\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nDragon Heart (Magma Wyrm drop)\n\nElden Ring Gael Tunnel Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nMiner\nRadahn Soldier\nLand Octopus\nGiant Land Octopus\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nMagma Wyrm\n\nGael Tunnel Walkthrough\nIf you have entered from Limgrave (not Caelid), there doesn't seem to be a way to open the wooden door from this side. If you have freed Alexander and not gone extremely deep into Caelid, he should be here.\nThe Site of Grace for this dungeon is found in a very deep pit ahead of the entrance past two Radahn Soldiers. There is no lift to take you down so you will need to do some platforming along the edges of the pit. There is a small room next to the second ledge you drop down to on the left. There is a corpse here with a Somber Smithing Stone [2]. From the Site of Grace, head north through the tunnel archway to a large cavern with wooden walkways. Kill the Radahn Soldier on the right then head down the steps and clear the Miners and Radahn Soldiers on this floor. There is a corpse on the left with a Golden Rune [5].\nHead down the steps for more Miners and Radahn Soldiers congregating by the fire and a few more under the walkway. There is a Gold-Pickled Fowl Foot behind some crates in the very back below the walkway. Look to the east for a tunnel leading to another cavern crawling with Land Octopi and a single Giant Land Octopus hanging from the ceiling in the back. There is a corpse below where the giant octopus was hanging from that contains a Cross-Naginata weapon.\nHead back into the main cavern and go west to find a soldier kneeling by a ladder. Take him out and then descend the ladder to find another Radahn Soldier and a Miner. Loot the corpse in the center for 5x Large Glintstone Scraps and the other corpse nearby for a Grace Mimic. Continue along to the tunnel in the south to a room with a large wooden gate to the right which contains the boss arena, as well as a smaller wooden door straight ahead. Go through the small door first which leads to the rear entrance of the tunnel as well as a second Site of Grace which you should activate. Head back to the large gate to challenge the boss of this dungeon.\nBoss: Magma Wyrm\nThis boss is highly susceptible to magic damage. Use sorcery spells that hit multiple times such as Glintblade Phalanx or Greatblade Phalanx to quickly break its poise and get a critical hit in. Sorcery mains can very easily lock this boss down. If you aren't sorcery focused, however, you will need to watch out for its mad dash attack where it spews lava from its mouth and then dashes around the room, leaving lava trails along the ground that persist for a few seconds. It is also equipped with a very large curved greatsword which it uses to slash in very wide arcs. However, its sword attacks are very slow with a very long wind-up. Take advantage of these animations and get hits in when you can.\nUpon defeat, the Magma Wyrm drops a Dragon Heart, the Moonveil katana, as well as 7,500 Runes.\n\nElden Ring Gael Tunnel Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
How can you unlock the second entrance to the Gael Tunnel from the Limgrave side?

ANSWER
The second entrance to the Gael Tunnel from the Limgrave side can be unlocked by completing the dungeon from the Caelid side.
