CONTEXT
\n\n Dung Eater Puppet \n\nType\nSpirit Summon\n\nFP Cost 118\nHP Cost -\n\nEffect \n\n        Summons spirit of the Dung Eater \n\nDung Eater Puppet  is a Spirit and Summon in Elden Ring. Dung Eater Puppet are used to summon the spirit of the Dung Eater.\nDung Eater can also be found as an NPC in Elden Ring. For more information, see Dung Eater.\n\nOne of Seluvis's puppets. Use to summon the spirit of the Dung Eater.  Spirit of a man who murdered thousands and defiled their corpses with the Seedbed Curse. Wields a spine greatsword and hurls curses.  The Dung Eater despaired at how he met his end. How hideous and sinister this puppet is, and yet, its utter despair invites one to care for it.\n\nWhere to find Dung Eater Puppet\nWhere to Find Dung Eater Puppet \n\nSold by Seluvis after using Seluvis's Potion on the Dung Eater. Costs 5 Starlight Shards.\n\nElden Ring Dung Eater Puppet Guide\n\nTo obtain the Dung Eater Puppet, start by beginning Ranni the Witch's quest at Ranni's Rise [Map link]\nAfter speaking to Ranni, speak to the spirit versions of Iji, Blaidd, and Seluvis in her tower and exhaust each of their dialogues, then speak to Ranni again. \n\nAfter speaking to Seluvis, he will reveal to you that you can meet him in his tower near by, where he resides in his tower directly south of Ranni's rise.\nGoing to his tower and speaking to him until his dialog is exhausted will have him give you a simple quest to find Nepheli and ensure she drinks Seluvis's Potion.   \n\nDo NOT use it on Nepheli. Instead, hold onto it until you progress the Dung Eater's questline far enough.\nProgressing past the point in Ranni's Quest where you give her the Fingerslayer Blade will lock the player out of Dung Eater Ashes until NG+. \n\nAfter you meet Seluvis, go a bit north, to the ruined building that's half way between Renna's Rise and Ranni's Rise. Roll over the flat stone floor in the top-most area, which will break the illusion and allow you to enter Seluvis's lab. Explore the lab and activate the glowing message. To it's left is another illusionary wall, which will reveal an additional secret chamber.\nNow return to Seluvis and talk to him about this chamber you've found. This will allow you to pick a free puppet ash. This will also advance his questline.\nFollow the Dung Eater questline, up until you're able to meet his real body tied to a chair in the sewer-gaol in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds underneath Leyndell, Royal Capital. This will require progressing the main story to Altus Plateau and obtaining at least one Seedbed Curse, which you must show to him in Roundtable Hold so that he'll give you the key to his cell.\nAfter you fight him in the Outer Moat, go find him tied to a chair in the sewer-gaol. Exhaust his dialogue, and the option to administer Seluvis's Potion will appear. Do so to trigger dialogue of the Dung Eater sounding worried. You are now finished with both the Dung Eater part of getting his puppet, the Dung Eater questline (as it can no longer be completed). You can also kill the Dung Eater right after administering the potion (don't leave or reset or his body will vanish) to obtain the Omen Set. If you do this, his body will not be found in Seluvis's laboratory, but you'll still be able to get his Ashes.\nReturn to Seluvis's Rise, and comment on the fact Nepheli hasn't appeared in his lab as a puppet. This makes him wonder if he didn't use the right ingredients.\nThen, if the dialog option for getting your own puppet has not yet appeared in Seluvis's options, you may need to buy some of his sorceries, or possibly summon your free puppet, or possibly just leave the area and fast-travel back. It's a bit murky exactly what will trigger him to offer to sell you the Dung Eater Ashes.\nOnce he does, you'll need to bring him 5 Starlight Shards to purchase the Ashes.\n\nElden Ring Spirits\n\nAlbinauric Ashes  ♦  Ancestral Follower Ashes  ♦  Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff Ashes  ♦  Archer Ashes  ♦  Avionette Soldier Ashes  ♦  Azula Beastman Ashes  ♦  Banished Knight Engvall Ashes  ♦  Banished Knight Oleg Ashes  ♦  Battlemage Hugues Ashes  ♦  Blackflame Monk Amon Ashes  ♦  Bloodhound Knight Floh  ♦  Clayman Ashes  ♦  Cleanrot Knight Finlay Ashes  ♦  Crystalian Ashes  ♦  Demi-Human Ashes  ♦  Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes  ♦  Dolores the Sleeping Arrow Puppet  ♦  Fanged Imp Ashes  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet  ♦  Fire Monk Ashes  ♦  Giant Rat Ashes  ♦  Glintstone Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Godrick Soldier Ashes  ♦  Greatshield Soldier Ashes  ♦  Haligtree Soldier Ashes  ♦  Jarwight Puppet  ♦  Kindred of Rot Ashes  ♦  Land Squirt Ashes  ♦  Latenna The Albinauric  ♦  Leyndell Soldier Ashes  ♦  Lhutel the Headless  ♦  Lone Wolf Ashes  ♦  Mad Pumpkin Head Ashes  ♦  Man-Serpent Ashes  ♦  Marionette Soldier Ashes  ♦  Mausoleum Soldier Ashes  ♦  Mimic Tear Ashes  ♦  Miranda Sprout Ashes  ♦  Nepheli Loux Puppet  ♦  Nightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets  ♦  Noble Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Nomad Ashes  ♦  Omenkiller Rollo  ♦  Oracle Envoy Ashes  ♦  Page Ashes  ♦  Perfumer Tricia Ashes  ♦  Putrid Corpse Ashes  ♦  Radahn Soldier Ashes  ♦  Raya Lucaria Soldier Ashes  ♦  Redmane Knight Ogha Ashes  ♦  Rotten Stray Ashes  ♦  Skeletal Bandit Ashes  ♦  Skeletal Militiaman Ashes  ♦  Soldjars of Fortune Ashes  ♦  Spirit Jellyfish Ashes  ♦  Stormhawk Deenh  ♦  Twinsage Sorcerer Ashes  ♦  Vulgar Militia Ashes  ♦  Wandering Noble Ashes  ♦  Warhawk Ashes  ♦  Winged Misbegotten Ashes\n\n

QUESTION
Why is the Dung Eater Puppet considered such a sinister and despair-inducing spirit in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
The Dung Eater Puppet is considered sinister and despair-inducing due to the spirit being that of a man who murdered thousands and defiled their corpses with the Seedbed Curse, wielding a spine greatsword and hurling curses, embodying utter despair despite its hideous nature.
