CONTEXT
\n\n Unsightly Catacombs \n\nA burial grounds crawling with Misbegotten creatures found deep beneath the Perfumer's Ruins. Despite its decrepit state, the catacombs give off a trace of fragrant aromas juxtaposed by the scent of the ancient dead.\n\nUnsightly Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring. The Unsightly Catacombs is found in Altus Plateau. Players can reach this location by first traveling to the Perfumer's Ruins by heading west from the Abandoned Coffin site of grace. The entrance to the catacombs is found below the ruins, with the door attached to the cliff face in the southwest.\n\nUnsightly Catacombs Map\nThe Unsightly Catacombs' entrance is found underneath the Perfumer's Ruins, in the southwest side. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Unsightly Catacombs\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants at this location.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Unsightly Catacombs\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGrave Violet\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGhost Glovewort [5] x 1\nGrave Glovewort [4] x 2\nGrave Glovewort [5] x 1\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nThere are no equipment items in this location.\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nPrattling Pate "Apologies"\nRune Arc\nWinged Misbegotten Ashes\nPerfumer Tricia Ashes\n\nElden Ring Unsightly Catacombs Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nMisbegotten\nOmen\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nPerfumer Tricia & Misbegotten Warrior\n\nUnsightly Catacombs Walkthrough\nThe Unsightly Catacombs is a small dungeon found beneath the Perfumer's Ruins in Altus Plateau. The entrance is located in the southwest of the cliff face below the ruins and is barred by an Imp Statue Seal, requiring 2 Stonesword Key to gain entry. These Catacombs are a good source of Grave Glovewort upgrade materials for strengthening your Spirit Ashes (provided you have progressed Roderika's questline).\nA few steps from the entrance, you will find a Site of Grace to rest and modify your equipment. Be warned, this is the only Site of Grace for this dungeon and there is a fairly difficult boss fight at the end of the catacombs, with plenty of agile Misbegotten enemies along the way that can easily catch you with their very wide, very quick swings. Small pockets and corridors are lit but it is recommended you equip a Torch for the darker zones.\nHead down the steps ahead of the Site of Grace to enter the first set of corridors of the dungeon. There is a Misbegotten laying here that you can ambush with ranged attacks before it can act. Straight ahead is a Summoning Pool just before the turn, should you wish to summon for help. The next hall contains two of the wingless, but larger Misbegotten carrying halberds and patrolling the left and right corridors. If you wait, you can sneak up behind them to perform a critical attack and get a decent amount of damage in. Do not be fooled by their large size and lumbering walk animation. These creatures are incredibly agile and like to perform wide swings and attacks with lots of travel. They can also very quickly roll towards you to close the distance. There is nothing special on this floor so you can head down the steps in the middle after either dispatching the Misbegotten or sneaking past them.\nDown the next level, be careful of the Misbegotten hiding in the right corner. There is a Grave Violet near where it was sitting. Look for the path leading east. There is a Misbegotten and Winged Misbegotten at the end of this path. Go to where they were to pick up the Grave Glovewort [5] by the wall then look for the corridor heading south to find the stairs to the next level down. A Grave Glovewort [4] can be found in your path as well as a Winged Misbegotten at the end of the corridor. Note that this corridor leads to yet another lower level with a locked door at the end. That is your goal, but first look to the right of the last glovewort for a pit you can jump down to. If you are a ranged or magic user, you can safely target the misbegotten enemies from up here before jumping down. Otherwise, take them out carefully as you land below. There is a total of 4 Misbegotten in this pit that are lying down. When you get down, check the southern wall for a corpse containing the Winged Misbegotten Ashes so you can summon one of these agile warriors for yourself. A Ghost Glovewort [5] lies in the corner as well.\nLook for the lit corridor and pick up the Grave Glovewort [4] along the way. At the bend is a set of steps leading up one level. There is a statue at the center here with a lever in front of it, used to unlock the door leading to the boss. Check the corridors around the statue for a Rune Arc and the Prattling Pate "Apologies" reusable item. If you look at the center of this level, you can jump down the middle to reach the pit connecting to the formerly locked door but before you do, look out for the Ogre now roaming the area. Consider using ranged attacks and spells to safely take it out from up here before jumping down.\nWhen ready, proceed through the locked door and the fog gate behind it to challenge this dungeon's Boss Encounter: Perfumer Tricia. This fight is particularly difficult due to the fact that Tricia is accompanied by an extremely aggressive Misbegotten Warrior who has his own boss health bar. It is highly recommended that you bring along a strong and tanky Spirit Ash summon of at least +5 in order to distract the Misbegotten while you take Tricia out. See the Perfumer Tricia page for details on the fight. Defeating the boss duo awards you with Perfumer Tricia Ashes.\n\nElden Ring Unsightly Catacombs Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What strategies should players consider for defeating the Perfumer Tricia Boss in the Unsightly Catacombs of Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Players should bring a strong and tanky Spirit Ash summon, at least +5, to distract the Misbegotten Warrior while focusing on defeating Perfumer Tricia.
