CONTEXT
\n\n Leyndell, Ashen Capital \n\nLeyndell, Ashen Capital Map & Fragments\nSites of Grace & Sub-Locations\nAll NPCs & Merchants\nAll Items, Equipment & Magic\nAll Enemies & Bosses\n\nLeyndell, Ashen Capital is a Location in Elden Ring. Leyndell, Ashen Capital is an instance of Leyndell, Royal Capital after it falls into ruin. This version of the capital is accessible only after making significant story progress, and is geared towards high-leveled players. The Ashen Capital features the same structures and landmarks as its intact counterpart, albeit significantly altered. Previously open paths may not be accessible and vice versa. The Ashen Capital also features its own set of Enemies, Bosses, and collectibles with varied placement distinct from the regular version of the city.\n\nThe remains of what once was the Royal Capital city of Leyndell. Now, a scenery composed of debris and death.\n\nLeyndell, Ashen Capital Map & Map Fragments\n\nLeyndell, Ashen Capital shares its map with Leyndell, Royal Capital and does not require collection of a map fragment.\n\n[overall map goes here]\n\nElden Ring Leyndell, Ashen Capital Sites of Grace & Sub-Locations\nSites of Grace\n\nElden Throne [Map Link]\nErdtree Sanctuary [Map Link]\nFractured Marika [Map Link]\nLeyndell, Capital of Ash [Map Link]\nDivine Bridge [Map Link]\nLeyndell Catacombs [Map Link]\nQueen's Bedchamber [Map Link]\nUnderground Roadside [Map Link]\nForsaken Depths [Map Link]\n\nSub-Locations\n\nLeyndell Catacombs\nSubterranean Shunning-Grounds\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Leyndell, Ashen Capital\n\nGoldmask: Found at the base of a cliff, southwest from the Leyndell, Capital of Ash Site of Grace, if you've progressed to the end of Brother Corhyn's questline.\nBrother Corhyn: Found at the base of the large spear in the southwestern part of the Ashen Capital, if you've progressed to the end of his questline.\nDung Eater: Found in the Subterranean-Shunning Grounds.\nNo merchants in this location\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Leyndell, Ashen Capital Zone\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGolden Sunflower\nTarnished Golden Sunflower\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nSomber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nAll-Knowing Armor\nAll-Knowing Gauntlets\nAll-Knowing Greaves\nAll-Knowing Helm\nCrimson Amber Medallion +2\nErdtree's Favor +2\nErdtree Heal\nScepter of the All-Knowing\nCane Sword\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nElden Remembrance\nRemembrance of Hoarah Loux\n\nElden Ring Leyndell, Ashen Capital Creatures, Enemies and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nValiant Gargoyle\nLesser Ulcerated Tree Spirit\nGolem\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nSir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing\nGodfrey, First Elden Lord / Hoarah Loux, Warrior\nRadagon of the Golden Order\nElden Beast\n\nWalkthrough for Leyndell, Ashen Capital in Elden Ring\nTo get to the Ashen Capital, defeat Maliketh, the Black Blade at Crumbling Farum Azula, and after a cutscene plays, you'll get teleported right to the Leyndell, Capital of Ash Site of Grace. Most of the progression in the Ashen Capital involves beating various Bosses, and after defeating the final boss of this area, you can reach the ending of the game. Leyndell, Ashen Capital replaces Leyndell, Royal Capital, and so you will lose access to all enemies and unclaimed treasure from that area before you begin the endgame.\nExploring Ashen Leyndell\nTake your first steps in the area by traveling southwest towards the dragon corpse, and follow the mounds of ash downhill. At the bottom you can find an open sewer hole that leads down to the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds. If you jump down from here, you can access a wooden beam with a corpse holding the Crimson Amber Medallion +2 hanging off of it. From this sewer hole, the open gate to your right contains a corpse with a Tarnished Golden Sunflower. Continue southwest from the hole, going back uphill and navigating to the base of the giant spear and you can find Brother Corhyn at its base, rambling about Goldmask. You must be at the end of the Goldmask questline to find him here, but if you offered him the Tonic of Forgetfulness at the Stargazer Ruins, Corhyn will be there instead.\nFrom Corhyn's location, head directly south and jump over the buried balcony. You'll come across a curved set of stairs; don't ascend them, but look to the right and follow the ash downhill. Cross the bridge, picking up a Smithing Stone (6), head up the stairs to your left, and you'll find Goldmask at the base of the cliff. You can get the Mending Rune of Perfect Order from him. Reload the area. Where Corhyn once was, you can get a Flail, Corhyn's Bell Bearing, and Corhyn's Robe. Where Goldmask once was, you can get Goldmask's Set (sans mask).\nFrom the open sewer hole, look northwest, then travel past the rubble until you can climb onto the dragon corpse's wing. Instead of needing to climb up the wing like before, you can go under the wing and then jump straight into the broken wall. Climb up the ladder and follow the path southeast until you come to the golden tree and can see a drop with a staircase going down in the opposite direction. Descend these stairs northward. Look to your left, and you can find a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone at the doors to where the Fortified Manor used to be. Beware the Valiant Gargoyle patrolling this area.\nYou can also enter the Ashen Capital from the Forbidden Lands. Go back up the elevator, travel west along the path, and fight through the Knights and Soldiers as usual. Descend the elevator to reach an otherwise inaccessible part of the Ashen Capital. The pond in this area can now be traversed over, because it is completely filled with ash. Walk down the stairs, then hug the left wall to not draw the attention of the Lesser Ulcerated Tree Spirits that patrol the area, and emerge from the ground. You'll find an item on a half-buried piece of rubble, which is the legendary talisman Erdtree's Favor +2.\nYou can also re-discover the Divine Bridge site of grace by opening the teleporter trap chest at the top of the Tower of Return. The Divine Bridge Golem will respawn even if it was already killed, but will not drop any new items. Access to the Fortified Manor is not possible, as the lift will be at the bottom of its shaft and the lever to raise it will become non-interactable. Access to the Isolated Divine Tower remains open via the sending gate southeast of the Golem.\nYou can also re-discover the East Capital Rampart site of grace by starting at Capital Rampart and taking the linear path into the Ashen Capital. Boc the Seamster will be there if you're properly progressed his quest.\nThe Endgame\nTo head forward and progress the plot, head directly south from the Site of Grace until you reach the walls of the buildings. Follow them around, jumping over the buried pieces of the Erdtree branches, until you reach a curved staircase that isn't covered in ash. Climb the stairs and ride the lift up, entering the Erdtree Sanctuary again. Here, you'll find Sir Gideon Ofnir, the All-Knowing, who is adamant about stopping you from becoming Elden Lord. Defeat him and you'll be rewarded with the All-Knowing Set and the Scepter of All-Knowing.\nInteract with the Erdtree Sanctuary Site of Grace that spawns after Gideon's defeat, and head east onto the balcony. Turn left and scale the tree root here, up and to the west. When you get up to another balcony, you'll see an item on a hanging chair to your south, if you haven't already gotten it from Leyndell, Royal Capital. Head outside, and instead of following the path, immediately turn left. Jump down onto the roof around the corner and head into the open window. Run across the large tree root here to be able to grab the Golden Order Principia, then head back down to that balcony where you first saw the item. This time, follow the path north and you'll get to the Queen's Bedchambers. In this room, you may have collected the Blessing of the Erdtree spell in Leyndell, Royal Capital. Here, in the Ashen Capital, you'll find the Erdtree Heal incantation in its place instead.\nContinue out the door east and up the stairs, and you'll encounter a fog door. Beyond this door is Godfrey, First Elden Lord, in his physical form rather than the golden spectral form you encountered earlier in the game. Two possible NPC Summons are available for this fight: Nepheli Loux is available if she's been crowned ruler of Limgrave at the end of her questline, and Shabriri can be summoned if you've met the Three Fingers. After reducing Godfrey to about 50% health, he turns into Hoarah Loux, Warrior, and defeating him nets you the Remembrance of Hoarah Loux.\nInteract with the Elden Throne Site of Grace that spawned, and head up the stairs to the southeast. Touching the golden light at the top teleports you to the final two bosses of the game, the first of which is Radagon of the Golden Order. Defeat him, and the next phase against the Elden Beast starts immediately after the transitional cutscene. Defeat them both to be rewarded the Elden Remembrance. After the dust has settled, activate the Fractured Marika Site of Grace so that you can return later.\nProvided Ranni's quest line has been completed, after defeating the Elden Beast, a blue summon sign will appear on the ground near Marika's broken remains. The player can interact with this summon sign (instead of interacting with Marika's remains) to acquire the "Age of the Stars" ending. Doing so will also unlock a related game achievement/trophy. Otherwise, interact with the fractured remains of Marika to commence other possible endings. If the player has been branded by Three Fingers, no endings other than Lord of Frenzied Flame will be possible unless the player has permanently removed the frenzy by using the Miquella's Needle while standing in the boss arena of  Dragonlord Placidusax. (See Endings page for more information)\nAfter the credits roll, you have the option to immediately begin New Game Plus. You can decline this and the game will place you in the Roundtable Hold, where you can proceed to explore the rest of the world, and initiate your next Journey at will.\nElden Ring Leyndell, Ashen Capital Maps and Notes\n\nYou will not be able to access Leyndell, Royal Capital until NG+ after getting to this point. In order to be summoned into Leyndell, Royal Capital after your own world is made ashen, you need to put your sign down by the Capital Rampart grace in the hallway before the elevator. In order to summon for Morgott The Omen King the summoned person must use their Small Golden Effigy and they must have interacted with the effigy near Morgott's fog wall before the capital was made ashen.\nThings that change once Leyndell is covered in ash: \n\nYou lose access to everything that would have been obtained in Leyndell, with exception to the items you can find around the Erdtree Sanctuary building. You can still obtain the Golden Order Principia, Erdtree Bow, and the Celestial Dew, if you haven't already gotten them. The Subterranean Shunning-Grounds, and everything below it, remains unchanged.\nYou lose access to the legendary weapon Bolt of Gransax. If it is not collected you will lose the opportunity to get the Legendary Armaments achievement for this playthrough.\nYou can no longer obtain the Duelist Set and Guardian Garb (Full Bloom) since the Duelists and Full Bloom Guardians no longer appear in the Ashen Capital.\nAll Sites of Grace disappear from the Capital, as it is replaced with a new area.\nGideon Ofnir leaves the Roundtable Hold. Any unclaimed rewards that you would have gotten from speaking to him after discovering Mohgwyn Palace and Miquella's Haligtree, or from defeating Mohgwyn, Lord of Blood and Malenia, Blade of Miquella, can be purchased at the Twin Maiden Husks in the Roundtable Hold.\nThe sending gate in the Deeproot Depths that would normally transport you to the entrance to Leyndell becomes inactive.\nIf you need to access the Isolated Divine Tower, the transporter trap at the Tower of Return will warp you to the Divine Bridge Site of Grace that gives you access to the sending gate. You cannot descend to the Fortified Manor from here, as the lever to call the lift becomes inactive.\nThe Capital Outskirts and everything beyond will not change. You can enter Leyndell, Ashen Capital from the Capital Rampart Site of Grace.\nBoc the Seamster will remain in his usual spot, provided his quest has progressed correctly. If he is not there, try reloading the area.\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What are the major differences between Leyndell, Royal Capital and Leyndell, Ashen Capital in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
The major differences between Leyndell, Royal Capital and Leyndell, Ashen Capital in Elden Ring are altered paths, structures, enemies, bosses, and collectibles, along with unique placements and challenges tailored for high-leveled players.
