CONTEXT
\n\nMiquella is a background character in the original Elden Ring and who is central to the Shadow of the Erdtree  expansion. It is revealed that Miquella has stripped himself of his flesh and his Golden lineage before travelling to the Land of Shadow, a place obscured by the Erdtree and purged in an unsung war.\n\nMy brother will keep his promise. He possesses the wisdom, the allure, of a god - he is the most fearsome Empyrean of all." - Malenia \n\nElden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree DLC Gameplay\n\nShadow of the Erdtree Release Date Trailer Impressions\n\nMiquella's lore\nMiquella, the brother of Malenia, is one of the Empyreans. Cursed to be perpetually a youth, he created the Haligtree to allow himself to grow to be an adult and to purge the rot from Malenia. This is after the realization that the Golden Order was unable to cure Malenia from the rot.\nBefore he could grow the Haligtree to its full potential, Miquella was stolen away by Mohg, Lord of Blood, in his cocoon form. Mohg wished to have Miquella elevated to godhood with himself as Miquella's consort. However, regardless of how much blood Mohg tried to share with Miquella, there was no response because Miqualla has in fact stripped himself of his flesh and travelled to the Land of Shadow.\nMiquella has the ability to compel affection from others. This is referred to as terrifying in the Shadow of the Erdtree trailer. Perhaps this is why he is known as the most fearsome Empyrean. Nevertheless, Miquella’s Haligtree is known to provide shelter to those without grace, such as the Albinaurics and the Misbegotten. As the Sacred Crown Helm puts it through a rhetorical question, “Who is it that Miquella shall bless, if not the low and the meek?” He is said to be awaiting for a promised lord and will guide the Tarnished in the Land of Shadow.\n\nExpansion Speculations\n\nMiquella is officially said to be awaiting for a promised lord. This, coupled with the official narration that Miquella will be the Tarnished’s guide in the Land of Shadow, suggests that Miquella is planning to ascend to godhood with the Tarnished as the lord or consort. As such, Miquella may be a friendly NPC rather than a foe.\nMessmer the Impaler is unlikely to be Miquella. This is supported by the fact that Messmer refers to Miquella in third person when he said that the Tarnished, like others, is keen to know what Miquella is up to in the Land of Shadow. Furthermore, Messmer hunts anyone who is stripped of the Erdtree’s grace, whereas Miquella protects and shelters those who are without grace (such as Albinaurics). The “Mother” that Messmer mentioned is more likely to be Marika, because he asked why Marika chose a Tarnished without the Erdtree’s grace to be a lord (likely referring to the Age of Fracture or similar endings involving the Tarnished becoming a lord or consort to Marika). \nA land that was severed from the Lands Between, the Land of Shadow may possibly correspond to the part of the Elden Ring sealed away by Marika to achieve immortality. The tree in the Land of Shadow is covered by shadowy veils and may represent the sealed part of the Erdtree. At the end of the Shadow of the Erdtree trailer, as Miquella raises his hand, the tree radiates with light and is no longer covered by the veils.\nThe events in the Shadow of Erdtree likely occur in the present timeline and not in the past before the Erdtree came into being. This is because the Land of Shadow is a land that is overshadowed by the Erdtree (i.e., the Erdtree already came into existence).\nTowards the end of the trailer,  the guiding voice said, “May we meet again”. We know based on official narration that Miquella will be the Tarnished’s guide in the Land of Shadow, but the Tarnished has never met Miquella. This may suggest that Miquella was guiding the Tarnished under the guise of Melina.\nMiquella is confirmed to have stripped himself of his flesh. This means that the physical body that Mohg was caring for in Mohgwyn Palace is nothing more than an empty shell. This is why Mohg received no response even with the constant pouring of blood into the body.\nOne theory posits that Miquella bewitched Mohg to befoul Miquella’s physical body with omen blood so that Miquella can rid himself of his Golden lineage. This may explain Mohg’s unnatural obsession with Miquella witnessed through his own monologues at the Mohgwyn Palace.\n\nNotes & Trivia \n\nMiquella's Needle can be used to purge the influences of an outer god. \nMiquella's Haligtree area is seen by the Albinaurics, an oppressed race of artificial beings, as the chosen land.  \nThere is an unnamed cut ending associated with Miquella, where at some point Miquella was supposed to say to the Tarnished, “If thou covetest the throne, Impress my vision upon thine heart. In the new world of thy making, all things will flourish, whether graceful, or malign.”  The word “malign” is not an accurate translation of the Japanese text, which literally says “not-so-graceful”. Based on the original Japanese text, Miquella may be envisioning a new world where both the graceful and the not-so-graceful (like the unwanted Albinaurics and Misbegotten) would flourish.\nCut content shows that Miquella is St. Trina of the Cradlesong, saint of slumber. "Finally, I have found it..... St. Trina's, no, Lord Miquella's cadaver... I have partaken of untold secrets….. Such that I may aid you, O Lord... So please, I hope you welcome your humble servant Rhico... Into your dream, the world of your heart...... Indeed, I beg you grant my wish, that when you transcend from empyrean to god, allow me a place by your side....." - Rhico, cut NPC \nReference to Miquella’s world of dream can also be found in what appears to be Miquella’s cut monologue, “Young seedling, young seedling. Return to the bosom of earth. But remember well, Thou’rt mine. So shall I give of myself. This is for thee. Mine abundance, my drop of dew. Quench thy thirst, throughout thy frame. Blossom and burgeon, time and again. Grow larger, stronger. Until the day cometh. When thou canst share in my dream.”\n\nCut content shows that Miquella's Great Rune is the Rune of Abundance. "Twinblade that contains the power of the Rune of Abundance. The holy power within the blade can call upon part of Miquella's own strength" - Abundance Twinblade\nMiquella's Rune of Abundance seems to be the opposite of Malenia's Rune of Rot. \nA cut quest shows that Miquella, under the guise of St. Trina, used to sing a lullaby to soothe the Frenzied Flame affliction of the Red Eyed Merchants, helping them to retain their personhood and prevent them from becoming "one".\nThe current state of Miquella's physical body that Mohg stole can be seen in the cocoon. The physical body looks thin with misshapen skin. This, however, may not be reflective of Miquella's true state as he is said to be slumbering within the world of his dream, and a ghost from the Consecrated Snowfield said that Mohg stole the precious "flesh" (and not soul) of Miquella. \n\nElden Ring NPCs\n\nAbandoned Merchant Siofra River  ♦  Aeonian Spirit  ♦  Aeonian Swamp Spirit  ♦  Albinauric Village Spirit  ♦  Albus  ♦  Ashen Spirit  ♦  Blackguard Big Boggart  ♦  Blaidd  ♦  Bloody Finger Hunter Yura  ♦  Boc the Seamster  ♦  Brother Corhyn  ♦  Carian Manor Spirit  ♦  D's Twin Brother  ♦  D, Hunter of the Dead  ♦  Deathtouched Spirit  ♦  Diallos  ♦  Dung Eater  ♦  Eclipse Spirit  ♦  Edgar  ♦  Enia  ♦  Ensha  ♦  Erdtree Sanctuary Spirit  ♦  Fia  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina  ♦  Frenzied Spirit  ♦  Frustrated Spirit  ♦  Gate Town Bridge Spirit  ♦  Gatekeeper Gostoc  ♦  Gideon Ofnir  ♦  Godwyn the Golden  ♦  Goldmask  ♦  Gowry  ♦  Grape Spirit  ♦  Gurranq Beast Clergyman  ♦  Hermit Merchant  ♦  Hyetta  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant  ♦  Irina  ♦  Iron Fist Alexander  ♦  Isolated Merchant Raya Lucaria  ♦  Isolated Merchants  ♦  Jar Bairn  ♦  Kenneth Haight  ♦  Kingsrealm Spirit  ♦  Knight Bernahl  ♦  Laiedd Spirit  ♦  Latenna  ♦  Lionel the Lionhearted  ♦  Liurnian Highway Spirit  ♦  Liurnian Lake Spirit  ♦  Lost Snow Spirit  ♦  Master Lusat  ♦  Melina  ♦  Merchant Kale  ♦  Millicent  ♦  Millicent's Sisters  ♦  Miriel Pastor of Vows  ♦  Morne Spirit  ♦  Nepheli Loux  ♦  Nomadic Merchant Mohgwyn Palace  ♦  Nomadic Merchant West Altus Plateau  ♦  Nomadic Merchants  ♦  Patches  ♦  Pidia, Carian Servant  ♦  Preceptor Seluvis  ♦  Primeval Sorcerer Azur  ♦  Queen Marika  ♦  Ranni the Witch  ♦  Renna  ♦  Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)  ♦  Roderika  ♦  Rya  ♦  Rykard  ♦  Sanguine Noble (NPC)  ♦  Shabriri  ♦  Shaded Castle Spirit  ♦  Siofra River Spirit  ♦  Smithing Master Hewg  ♦  Sorcerer Rogier  ♦  Sorceress Sellen  ♦  Stranded Graveyard Spirit  ♦  Study Hall Spirit  ♦  Tanith  ♦  The Great-Jar  ♦  The Two Fingers  ♦  Thops  ♦  Three Fingers  ♦  Tower of Return Spirit  ♦  Twin Maiden Husks  ♦  Two Fingers  ♦  Volcano Manor Spirit  ♦  Wandering Artist Spirit  ♦  War Counselor Iji  ♦  White Mask Varre  ♦  Windmill Spirit  ♦  Witch-Hunter Jerren\n\n

QUESTION
When will Miquella be ascending to godhood and with whom as the lord or consort?

ANSWER
Miquella will be ascending to godhood with the Tarnished as the lord or consort.
