CONTEXT
\n\n Latenna \n\nLocation\nLiurnia of the Lakes, Slumbering Wolf's Shack\n\nRole\nQuest NPC\n\nVoiced by\nJennifer English\n\nLatenna is an NPC in Elden Ring. Latenna can be found after finishing the Lakeside Crystal Cave dungeon located under the southern ridge of Liurnia. She willingly becomes a Spirit to join the player, becoming Latenna the Albinauric.\n\nLet's try again. I'm Latenna. An Albinauric, the same as Old Albus.\n\nLatenna Location in Elden Ring\nLatenna can be found sitting in front of the Slumbering Wolf's Shack in Liurnia of the Lakes. This area is only accessible after completing the Lakeside Crystal Cave dungeon. [Map Link]\n\nThis NPC does not move\nThis NPC can be killed\nIf defeated, it's reported the Latenna does not drop their Spirit Ashes.\n\nLatenna Questline: How to complete Latenna's Quest\nLatenna's questline revolves around a separate NPC, Albus, that can be found in the Village of the Albinaurics.Speaking to Albus will give players the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Right) and he will ask that should the player encounter Latenna that they give her the Medallion, speaking to Latenna with the medallion in hand she will see that Albus trusts the player and therefore she has no reason to doubt them, she will then ask if the player is willing to take her to the land of Miquella’s Haligtree.\nImportant Note: If players do not approach her before collecting both pieces of the Haligtree Secret Medallion, she will die and only her Spirit Ashes can be found. This makes it impossible to begin and complete her quest. A handful of players confirmed that she was dead after obtaining both halves of the Haligtree Secret Medallion. You are still be able to go back immediately after defeating Commander Niall, and not taking the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left) before you leave the castle to go talk with her first. To prevent any trouble, you may want to grab her Ashes before progressing past the Grand Lift of Rold. \nPromising Latenna to take her to the Haligtree, she will join the player and willingly become a Spirit summon, Latenna the Albinauric. She will also hint at the location of the Haligtree Secret Medallion (Left).Upon reaching the Apostate Derelict [Map Link] located in the Consecrated Snowfield players can interact with the giant Albinauric woman to summon Latenna. Doing so, Latenna will reward the player with a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.\n\nDialogue in Elden Ring: Latenna\nIntroduction\n\nFoul tarnished, what do you want?I told the all-hearing brute. That I possess no such medallion.Or have you come to take more from me? Was my other half not enough?\n\nAfter showing her the secret medallion\n\nOh...do you speak true?So old Albus entrusted his medallion to you.... Then I've no choice. But to trust that this was his dying will.Let's try again. I'm Latenna. An Albinauric, the same as Old Albus. My apologies for my coarse words earlier. I presumed the worst, seeing that you were another Tarnished, like that all-hearing brute. I hope that you will forgive me.\nMm, the medallion is better off in your hands, anyway.Would you consider doing me a great service? I must go back. There is something that I must do, even if I must say farewell to my wolf, Lobo. Will you show me the way? To the land of Miquella's Haligtree.If you accept, I would gladly apprise you. Of the whereabouts of the medallion's other half.\n(Hear her request) Thank you kindly. They say the other half of the medallion is beyond the forbidden lands north of the Erdtree. In Castle Sol, on the Mountaintops of the Giants, accessible by the Grand Lift of Rold. \nThen I suppose it's time. Farewell, Lobo. My faithful wolf, my better half. I will go with the Tarnished. So that our journey will not have been in vain. Forgive me, Lobo.[You receive Latenna the Albinauric]Call upon me when needed. And I will fight at your side.\n\nNorth East of Ancient Snow Valley Ruins site of grace as you approach the frozen river, does not always trigger (as of 1.10)\n\nDo you hear me? It is I, Latenna. We're almost there. Castle Sol lies just off to the north, where the other medallion is housed. It will grant passage to the land of the Haligtree.\n\nArriving at Consecrated Snowfield (Fixed as of 1.10, still may not always trigger)\n\nDo you hear me? It is I, Latenna. We have reached the land of Miquella's Haligtree, where Lobo and I began our travels. It's entirely thanks to you that I'm so close to home. These great snow-laden lands stretch far to the north. And beyond the ancient bowers, and the liturgical town of Ordina, lies the place to which I must return.\n\nAt Apostate Derelict\n\nOh young yet towering sister of ours. Let the birthing droplet in. And create life. For us. For all the Albinaurics.\nThank you. I've finally fulfilled my purpose.Our young yet towering sister will give us hope. Now that nothing is left unfinished, I will join you in battle to the bitter end. And when the fighting is done, then you may lay me to rest. Beside Lobo, my dear wolf.\n\nWhen attacked\n\n(Combat) Are all you Tarnished the same? Was taking my other half not enough for you?\n(On player kill) There is no meaning in a fight, lest it serve a greater duty.\n\nUpon defeat\n\nOhh... Phillia. Take...the birthing...droplet...\n\nElden Ring Latenna Notes & Trivia\n\nWhen turned aggressive, she acts as a normal Albinauric Archer.\nLatenna makes mention that Lobo, the wolf beside her, was taken from her by the “all-hearing brute,” likely referring to Gideon Ofnir. Ensha, who is Gideon’s servant, later invades after obtaining the medallion’s half in the Roundtable.\nHer spirit summon makes mention that 'having lost her beloved wolf companion, she cannot move from the place where she was summoned'. This shows that she rode the wolf around, and explains why she cannot move from her location. \nThe name of her wolf companion was "Lobo", which means "wolf" in Spanish.\n\nElden Ring NPCs\n\nAbandoned Merchant Siofra River  ♦  Aeonian Spirit  ♦  Aeonian Swamp Spirit  ♦  Albinauric Village Spirit  ♦  Albus  ♦  Ashen Spirit  ♦  Blackguard Big Boggart  ♦  Blaidd  ♦  Bloody Finger Hunter Yura  ♦  Boc the Seamster  ♦  Brother Corhyn  ♦  Carian Manor Spirit  ♦  D's Twin Brother  ♦  D, Hunter of the Dead  ♦  Deathtouched Spirit  ♦  Diallos  ♦  Dung Eater  ♦  Eclipse Spirit  ♦  Edgar  ♦  Enia  ♦  Ensha  ♦  Erdtree Sanctuary Spirit  ♦  Fia  ♦  Finger Maiden Therolina  ♦  Frenzied Spirit  ♦  Frustrated Spirit  ♦  Gate Town Bridge Spirit  ♦  Gatekeeper Gostoc  ♦  Gideon Ofnir  ♦  Godwyn the Golden  ♦  Goldmask  ♦  Gowry  ♦  Grape Spirit  ♦  Gurranq Beast Clergyman  ♦  Hermit Merchant  ♦  Hyetta  ♦  Imprisoned Merchant  ♦  Irina  ♦  Iron Fist Alexander  ♦  Isolated Merchant Raya Lucaria  ♦  Isolated Merchants  ♦  Jar Bairn  ♦  Kenneth Haight  ♦  Kingsrealm Spirit  ♦  Knight Bernahl  ♦  Laiedd Spirit  ♦  Lionel the Lionhearted  ♦  Liurnian Highway Spirit  ♦  Liurnian Lake Spirit  ♦  Lost Snow Spirit  ♦  Master Lusat  ♦  Melina  ♦  Merchant Kale  ♦  Millicent  ♦  Millicent's Sisters  ♦  Miquella  ♦  Miriel Pastor of Vows  ♦  Morne Spirit  ♦  Nepheli Loux  ♦  Nomadic Merchant Mohgwyn Palace  ♦  Nomadic Merchant West Altus Plateau  ♦  Nomadic Merchants  ♦  Patches  ♦  Pidia, Carian Servant  ♦  Preceptor Seluvis  ♦  Primeval Sorcerer Azur  ♦  Queen Marika  ♦  Ranni the Witch  ♦  Renna  ♦  Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon (NPC)  ♦  Roderika  ♦  Rya  ♦  Rykard  ♦  Sanguine Noble (NPC)  ♦  Shabriri  ♦  Shaded Castle Spirit  ♦  Siofra River Spirit  ♦  Smithing Master Hewg  ♦  Sorcerer Rogier  ♦  Sorceress Sellen  ♦  Stranded Graveyard Spirit  ♦  Study Hall Spirit  ♦  Tanith  ♦  The Great-Jar  ♦  The Two Fingers  ♦  Thops  ♦  Three Fingers  ♦  Tower of Return Spirit  ♦  Twin Maiden Husks  ♦  Two Fingers  ♦  Volcano Manor Spirit  ♦  Wandering Artist Spirit  ♦  War Counselor Iji  ♦  White Mask Varre  ♦  Windmill Spirit  ♦  Witch-Hunter Jerren\n\n

QUESTION
What is Latenna's questline in Elden Ring and how can it be completed?

ANSWER
Latenna's questline involves taking her to the land of Miquella’s Haligtree after collecting the Haligtree Secret Medallion pieces from Albus in the Village of the Albinaurics, with the final step being reaching the Apostate Derelict where she rewards the player with a Somber Ancient Dragon Smithing Stone.
