CONTEXT
\n\n Wyndham Catacombs \n\nBurial grounds located beneath Wyndham Ruins.\n\nWyndham Catacombs is a Location in Elden Ring. The Wyndham Catacombs is found in Altus Plateau, at the south of the jagged rocky mountains leading up to Mt. Gelmir. The entrance to the catacombs can be found at the very top of Wyndham Ruins, pressed against the side of a cliff.\n\nWyndham Catacombs Map\nThe Wyndham Catacombs are found at the top of the Wyndham Ruins in Altus Plateau. [Elden Ring Map Link]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Wyndham Catacombs\n\nThere are no NPCs or Merchants at this location.\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Wyndham Catacombs\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nGlass Shard\nGrave Violet\nMagic Grease\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\n1x Ghost Glovewort (6)\n2x Grave Glovewort (5)\n2x Grave Glovewort (4)\nSmithing Stone (5)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nLightning Scorpion Charm (Via Stonesword Key)\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nAncient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (1)\nGlovewort Picker's Bell Bearing (1)\n\nElden Ring Wyndham Catacombs Creatures, Enemies, and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nSkeletal Slime\nPutrid Corpse\nImp\nLeyndell Knight\nGiant Crab\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nErdtree Burial Watchdog\n\nWyndham Catacombs Walkthrough\nReached by travelling east from the Seethewater River Site of Grace.\nLeaving the Wyndham Catacombs Site of Grace the only room at the top of the catacombs is the locked door with the 2 statues, locked by some contraption. Moving past this door is a room with an elevator, beware of the trap button between the rooms as this will fire a row of 3 lightning shots 3 times. The elevator is a simple platform with a button that players can step on to get the elevator to move. At the top and bottom of the elevator shaft are levers that will call the elevator to the player when needed. \nOnce at the bottom of the elevator shaft hit the button once more to have it rise then roll off onto the ledge above to collect the Grave Glovewort on the ledge above. The first room outside the elevator shaft has 2 imps throwing lightning bombs as well as a large guillotine trap cutting the room in half that raises and drops repeatedly. Past this room around the corner is a room with 2 imps, one on the far wall from where you enter as well as one directly on the right of the entrance. \nFollowing the path down the narrow stairs brings you into the large underground sewer area with watery ground and many slimes and skeletons. There is a lightning trap hidden in the water in the middle of the room, stepping on the trap will cause lightning to strike down around the trap, enemies do not trigger the trap but the trap rearms quickly so watch out and avoid the damage. Moving forward and around the bend players will find a Leyndell Knight defending the way forward.\nAt the top of the ladder watch out for the trap on the ground close to the ladder that will fire lightning bolts from behind. There is an imp statue sealing the room ahead and a path leading left, on the crossroad an Imp will attack you so be ready. The sealed room requires a Stonesword Key to open and holds the Lightning Scorpion Charm but otherwise has no enemies or other loot. \nThe next room in the Catacombs is the room with the spike ceiling and a raising floor platform. If the player is standing on the platform when it is raised to the top, the floor will raise rapidly to stab the player into the ceiling repeating until they are off the platform or dead. This room has 2 imps that throw lightning bombs, one ahead where the player can see is the way forward and one above the entrance. To get across without taking damage from the spikes, step on the platform to make it rise then run across when as it resets, this gives the player more time to move across the room while the mechanism resets and raises again. In this final room is an imp directly on the right of the entrance holding a large sword, as well as another Leyndell Knight. The lever to open the locked doors are found here. Similar to getting across the first time, to get out, step on the platform to have it raise then run across while it resets to get above the entrance, then simply wait for the platform to lower and jump down with it to get back to the entrance.\nWhile in the sewer area players can see an area locked behind a rusted gate. To reach this area players have to get underneath the platform in the spike ceiling room. Get the platform to rise at the entrance then walk off and jump down underneath while the platform is moving. From this area a tunnel will lead you to the locked sewer area where multiple skeletons are seen. When you walk to the end of the room where the 2 bodies to loot are, 2 Giant Crabs will rise from below. The tunnel you enter from is too small for them to fit so kiting them there can help make for an easier fight. Once the Giant Crabs are dead you can loot the Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (1) from one of the bodies. The rusted gate can be opened by a lever on the right. \nBOSS BATTLE: ERDTREE BURIAL WATCHDOG\nThe boss for these catacombs can be found past the originally locked doors. This is a variant Erdtree Burial Watchdog that has a lightning tail with additional moves and can shoot lightning at the player. The Boss will charge lightning very visibly then fire it at the player giving the player time to move behind a pillar or prepare to time a dodge or block. While in their seated form the Watchdog will float up and towards the player before slamming their sword down, they will also now spin with their sword when close to the player to do damage. \nUsing Spirit Ashes to help with the fight can be very helpful to direct the attention away from you so you can deal damage freely or find extra time to heal if necessary. \n\nElden Ring Wyndham Catacombs Gallery and Notes\n[other images go here]\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What items and creatures can be found in Wyndham Catacombs in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Glass Shard, Grave Violet, Magic Grease, Ghost Glovewort (6), Grave Glovewort (5), Grave Glovewort (4), Smithing Stone (5), Lightning Scorpion Charm, Ancient Dragon Apostle's Cookbook (1), Glovewort Picker's Bell Bearing, Skeletal Slime, Putrid Corpse, Imp, Leyndell Knight, Giant Crab, Erdtree Burial Watchdog
