CONTEXT
\n\n Deeproot Depths \n\nDeeproot Depths Map & Fragments\nSites of Grace & Sub-Locations\nAll NPCs & Merchants\nAll Items, Equipment & Magic\nAll Enemies & Bosses\n\nDeeproot Depths is a Location in Elden Ring. The Deeproot Depths region is found underground, and accessed by resting in a coffin after defeating the Valiant Gargoyle in Siofra Aqueduct, or alternatively, through a hidden passage near the Frenzied Flame Proscription grace in the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds. From the Cathedral of the Forsaken grace (after defeating Mohg, the Omen), head through the hidden passage behind the chest and make your way to the Frenzied Flame Proscription grace at the very bottom. Roll into the southeastern wall to reveal a hidden passage with a chest, and roll into the wall behind the chest to reveal yet another hidden passage and the Root-Facing Cliffs grace.\nYou can use your mount in Deeproot Depths.\n\nAt the very depths of the Erdtree's majestic roots lies the source of the Ainsel and the Siofra rivers. Here too begins the network of Greattree roots that spread throughout the Lands Between.\n\nDeeproot Depths Map & Map Fragments\n\nMap (Deeproot Depths): Can be found on a corpse in a gazebo amid the destroyed ruins. [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nElden Ring Deeproot Depths Sites of Grace & Sub-Locations\n\nSites of Grace\n\nAcross the Roots [Elden Ring Map here]\nDeeproot Depths [Elden Ring Map here]\nGreat Waterfall Crest [Elden Ring Map here]\nPrince of Death's Throne [Elden Ring Map here]\nRoot-Facing Cliffs [Elden Ring Map here]\nThe Nameless Eternal City [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nSub-Locations\n\nWalking Mausoleum [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll NPCs and Merchants in Deeproot Depths\n\nD's Twin Brother - found next to Fia at the end of her questline\nFia - found in the boss room of the area. On her left is a waygate to the East Capital Rampart at the conclusion to her questline.\nFinger Reader Crone - Can be found at the edge of the cliffs after finding the second Site of Grace in Deeproot Depths. [Elden Ring Map here]\n\nAll Items in Elden Ring's Deeproot Depths Zone\n\nGather & Farm Items\n\nDewkissed Herba\nGolden Centipede\nHuman Bone Shard\nMelted Mushroom\nNascent Butterfly\nRune Arc\nWarming Stone\nLightning Greatbolt can be found next to the Walking Mausoleum\n\nUpgrade Materials\n\nGhost Glovewort (4)\nGhost Glovewort (5)\nGhost Glovewort (6)\nGhost Glovewort (7)\nSmithing Stone (4)\nSmithing Stone (6)\nSomber Smithing Stone (6)\nSomber Smithing Stone (7)\n\nEquipment and Magic\n\nClarifying Boluses\nCrucible Tree Set\nElden Stars\nGolden Rune (6)\nGolden Rune (8)\nGolden Rune (9)\nNumen's Rune (only from the Root-Facing Cliffs)\nMausoleum Soldier Ashes\nPrince of Death's Staff\nSiluria's Tree (dropped by Crucible Knight Siluria)\nStaff of the Avatar (dropped by Erdtree Avatar)\nPrince of Death's Cyst (dropped by Lesser Runebear)\n\nUnique, Ashes and Keys\n\nAsh of War: Golden Land\nAsh of War: Vacuum Slice\nStonesword Key\n\nElden Ring Deeproot Depths Creatures, Enemies and Bosses\n\nRegular Creatures and Enemies\n\nGiant Ant\nBasilisk\nMausoleum Knight\nMausoleum Soldier\nLesser Runebear\n\nField Bosses and Bosses\n\nFia's Champions\nCrucible Knight Siluria\nLichdragon Fortissax\nErdtree Avatar\n\nWalkthrough for Deeproot Depths in Elden Ring\n\nTaking the coffin from Siofra Aqueduct brings you to a spot just across the Great Waterfall Crest Site of Grace in Deeproot Depths. Head west from this Site of Grace and right off the bat you'll encounter an Erdtree Avatar. Defeat it and it'll drop the Staff of the Avatar.\n\nIn the area, you'll also be able to find a Ghost Glovewort (4) and a Teardrop Scarab that drops the Ash of War: Golden Land when defeated. From here, the way forward is by crossing the nearby tree roots to the west. While you're crossing the roots, look to your north-west and you'll be able to spot a cave filled with Giant Ants. (You can see the exit with an item further ahead, the entrance is closer to where you began, at the end of a branch.) Get to the end and you'll find the Elden Stars Incantation. Head back to the roots and cross to the other side.\n\nWhen you get back on land, just slightly ahead are some flying Giant Ants. The bodies they're guarding have three Warming Stones, a Golden Rune (6), and a Smithing Stone (4). Be sure to grab the Ghost Glovewort (4) nearby too. Further west is the Deeproot Depths Site of Grace and a Finger Reader Crone right next to the cliff. Head north to find a ruin filled with Basilisks, a Smithing Stone (6), and a Rune Arc. Further north is a larger ruin structure where you'll find a gazebo.\n\nOn the way, you'll be able to pick up five Hefty Beast Bones, a Dragonwound Grease, and a Ghost Glovewort (5), and in the gazebo itself, you will find the Map (Deeproot Depths).\n\nWith the map-making navigation easier, head hard east towards a waterfall. There's a cave behind this waterfall and defeating the Runebear inside nets you the Prince of Death's Cyst. Head back to the large ruin and on the way, you can find a Ghost Glovewort (5). Inside the room is an enemy guarding the Ash of War: Vacuum Slice. On the western side of the ruins, you'll find a Teardrop Scarab that drops a Somber Smithing Stone (6).\nHead southwest and you'll come across The Nameless City Site of Grace. West of this Site of Grace, in the water and among the ruins, are multiple corpses strewn around. By looting the bodies, you can get yourself two Golden Rune (8), a Golden Rune (9), two Smithing Stone (4), a Clarifying Boluses, five Human Bone Shards, and a Nascent Butterfly. Within this mess of bodies, you can also find a Ghost Glovewort (5). Head to the western edge of the waterfall and you'll find another coffin you can rest in. This coffin takes you to Ainsel River Main.\nIf you took the coffin, grab the Ainsel River Main Site of Grace and teleport back to The Nameless Eternal City Site of Grace. Before we start exploring again it's recommended to ground the Walking Mausoleum in this area. While it stands, a bunch of Mausoleum Knights and Mausoleum Soldiers will be patrolling a majority of the northern section of Deeproot Depths, making navigation dangerous. Of course, you can choose to defeat them individually instead to gain their unique drops. Head directly north and you'll be able to spot the Walking Mausoleum. If you're having a tough time grounding it, take a look at the notes section below for some tips.\nUp here in the northern section, much of the navigation is done by climbing tree roots. There are also several spirit springs around to help you get up to the roofs of buildings or as a shortcut up to the higher cliff ledges. From the Walking Mausoleum, head southwest to find a Somber Smithing Stone (7) in a ruin. Head further southwest and you'll find a Ghost Glovewort (6) by the side of the cliff. If you take the spirit spring up to the building nearby, you can find a Stonesword Key.\nTake the nearby tree roots up to the higher cliff and turn westward. You'll find an optional boss, Crucible Knight Siluria, who upon defeat, will drop Siluria's Tree. (An easy way to cheese this boss is to take the spirit spring up from the water, and land on the left-hand side -- immediately crouch, and you can sneak behind the knight to begin applying Poison Mist.) \n\nBy the base of the tree, they were guarding is a Ghost Glovewort (7), and inside is a chest with the Crucible Tree Set. Head east from where you fought Siluria, still staying on this high ledge, and follow the root branches. At the tip of one branch, you can jump on top of a ruined building with a Somber Smithing Stone (6). Dropping down and heading further east, past the Mausoleum, you can find the Mausoleum Soldier Ashes leaning against a small petrified tree stump.\nHead back to where the Walking Mausoleum is and slightly to the south is a cave with a Runebear, as well as several remains with Fan Daggers, a Somber Smithing Stone (7) and a Golden Rune (8).\n\nHead back south, up on the hill. Climbing up the roots and buildings here, you'll be able to loot a bunch more smithing stones and golden runes. One building here, in particular, has the Prince of Death's Staff on its roof. Climb the roots here up and east and you'll be able to get to the Across the Roots Site of Grace.\nTrace the roots back a little and then follow them to the south of grace site, to the top of waterfall. That area is mostly empty, aside from few ants (including nasty armored one) and Ghost Glovewort (7). In the area there's also a hole leading to runebear cave. Carefully drop into in to get Somber Smithing Stone (7) on a previously unreachable ledge. Remember that runebear sleeps below, so you might want to use some Soft Cotton to not wake it up.\nIf you're here to progress Fia's questline, up ahead is the area you're looking for. When you head in, you'll be greeted by Fia's Champions. This is a special boss fight that has 3 waves of enemies as opposed to one large and tough enemy. Upon defeating them all, you'll receive Fia's Mist and be able to interact with the Prince of Death's Throne Site of Grace. By speaking to Fia and giving her the Cursemark of Death, you'll be able to face the Lichdragon Fortissax, a dragon boss required for her quest. Defeat it and you'll receive the Remembrance of the Lichdragon. What you receive for completing this part of the quest and what happens afterward can be found on Fia's NPC page. Portal near Fia leads to Leyndell Capital near East Capital Rampart grace site.\n The area above the Great Waterfall Crest grace site can only be reached through the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds. After killing Mohg, the Omen there's a hidden path behind his reward chest. Follow the dungeon down until you reach the Frenzied Flame Proscription grace site. Roll into a southern wall to reveal a hidden path. Follow that path and after another obvious hidden wall, you'll reach Deeproot Depths again.\nElden Ring Deeproot Depths Maps and Notes\nThe Walking Mausoleum is at the north can it has no vulnerabilities on its feet, you need to climb the roots starting from the northeast and approach jumping between roots to make your way to the top of the Mausoleum, the skull deposits are around the Mausoleum building on the top, once you destroy a few, the Walking Mausoleum falls.\nThe ruined city within the perimeter of the Deeproot Depths shares it's architectural features with the twin Eternal Cities, Nokron and Noxstella. Given it is in ruins, it is likely the Eternal City destroyed by Astel, Naturalborn of the Void.\nInterestingly, the ruins of the city line up perfectly with the giant chasm within in the Leyndel city walls in the north-western part of the city, just beyond the non-functional main gate of the city. Directly adjacent to this chasm is the section of Leyndel where the Lower Capital Church is located. Examining the architecture of this part of the city reveals that it is almost identical to that of Ordina, Liturgical Town and Sellia, Town of Sorcery, the latter of which is build directly on top of the Eternal City of Nokron and features one of their distinctive chair-monuments, guarded by a Nox Priestess and a Nox Monk. All of this hints at the possibility that this nameless Eternal City was once a part of Leyndel itself, or that Leyndel was an off-shoot of the Eternal City, which survived the destruction by Astel and became the Capital of the Golden Order Era.\n\nAll Elden Ring Locations\n\nAbandoned Cave  ♦  Academy Crystal Cave  ♦  Academy Gate Town  ♦  Aeonia Swamp  ♦  Ailing Village  ♦  Ainsel River  ♦  Ainsel River Main  ♦  Ainsel River Well  ♦  Albinauric Rise  ♦  Altus Plateau  ♦  Altus Tunnel  ♦  Apostate Derelict  ♦  Artist's Shack  ♦  Auriza Hero's Grave  ♦  Auriza Side Tomb  ♦  Bellum Church  ♦  Bellum Highway  ♦  Bestial Sanctum  ♦  Black Knife Catacombs  ♦  Boilprawn Shack  ♦  Bridge of Sacrifice  ♦  Caelem Ruins  ♦  Caelid  ♦  Caelid Catacombs  ♦  Caelid Colosseum  ♦  Caelid Waypoint Ruins  ♦  Callu Baptismal Church  ♦  Capital Outskirts  ♦  Caria Manor  ♦  Carian Study Hall  ♦  Carriage  ♦  Castle Morne  ♦  Castle Sol  ♦  Cathedral of Manus Celes  ♦  Cathedral of the Forsaken  ♦  Cave of the Forlorn  ♦  Chapel of Anticipation  ♦  Chelona's Rise  ♦  Church of Dragon Communion  ♦  Church of Elleh  ♦  Church of Inhibition  ♦  Church of Irith  ♦  Church of Pilgrimage  ♦  Church of Repose  ♦  Church of the Plague  ♦  Church of Vows  ♦  Cliffbottom Catacombs  ♦  Colosseums  ♦  Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs  ♦  Converted Fringe Tower  ♦  Converted Tower  ♦  Corpse-Stench Shack  ♦  Craftsman's Shack  ♦  Cuckoo's Evergaol  ♦  Deathtouched Catacombs  ♦  Deep Ainsel Well  ♦  Deep Siofra Well  ♦  Deeprooth Depths  ♦  Demi-Human Forest Ruins  ♦  Divine Tower of Caelid  ♦  Divine Tower of East Altus  ♦  Divine Tower of Limgrave  ♦  Divine Tower of Liurnia  ♦  Divine Tower of West Altus  ♦  Dragon-Burnt Ruins  ♦  Dragonbarrow  ♦  Dragonbarrow Cave  ♦  East Windmill Pasture  ♦  Effigies of the Martyr  ♦  Elden Throne  ♦  Eternal City  ♦  First Church of Marika  ♦  Flame Peak  ♦  Forbidden Lands  ♦  Forest Lookout Tower  ♦  Forge of the Giants  ♦  Forlorn Hound Evergaol  ♦  Forsaken Ruins  ♦  Fort Faroth  ♦  Fort Gael  ♦  Fort Haight  ♦  Fort Laiedd  ♦  Fourth Church of Marika  ♦  Frenzied Flame Proscription  ♦  Frenzied Flame Village  ♦  Frenzy-Flaming Tower  ♦  Fringefolk Hero's Grave  ♦  Gael Tunnel  ♦  Gaol Cave  ♦  Gatefront Ruins  ♦  Gelmir Hero's Grave  ♦  Giant-Conquering Hero's Grave  ♦  Golden Lineage Evergaol  ♦  Gowry's Shack  ♦  Grand Cloister  ♦  Grand Lift of Dectus  ♦  Grand Lift of Rold  ♦  Groveside Cave  ♦  Guardians' Garrison  ♦  Hallowhorn Grounds  ♦  Heretical Rise  ♦  Hermit's Shack  ♦  Hermit Merchant's Shack  ♦  Hermit Village  ♦  Hidden Path to the Haligtree  ♦  Highroad Cave  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Highway Lookout Tower (Liurnia)  ♦  Impaler's Catacombs  ♦  Isolated Divine Tower  ♦  Isolated Merchant's Shack (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Jarburg  ♦  Kingsrealm Ruins  ♦  Lake of Rot  ♦  Lakeside Crystal Cave  ♦  Laskyar Ruins  ♦  Lenne's Rise  ♦  Leyndell Catacombs  ♦  Leyndell Colosseum  ♦  Leyndell Royal Capital  ♦  Limgrave  ♦  Limgrave Colosseum  ♦  Limgrave Tunnels  ♦  Lord Contender's Evergaol  ♦  Lunar Estate Ruins  ♦  Lux Ruins  ♦  Malefactor's Evergaol  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Altus Plateau)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Caelid)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Consecrated Snowfield)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Dragonbarrow)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Northeast)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Liurnia Southwest)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mistwood)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mountaintops East)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Mt. Gelmir)  ♦  Minor Erdtree (Weeping Peninsula)  ♦  Minor Erdtree Catacombs  ♦  Minor Erdtree Church  ♦  Mirage Rise  ♦  Mistwood  ♦  Mistwood Ruins  ♦  Mohgwyn Dynasty Mausoleum  ♦  Moonfolk Ruins  ♦  Moonlight Altar  ♦  Morne Tunnel  ♦  Mountaintops of the Giants  ♦  Mt Gelmir  ♦  Murkwater Catacombs  ♦  Murkwater Cave  ♦  Night's Sacred Ground  ♦  Nokron, Eternal City  ♦  Nokstella, Eternal City  ♦  Old Altus Tunnel  ♦  Oridys's Rise  ♦  Perfumer's Grotto  ♦  Perfumer's Ruins  ♦  Purified Ruins  ♦  Ranni's Rise  ♦  Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Redmane Castle  ♦  Renna's Rise  ♦  Revenger's Shack  ♦  Ringleader's Evergaol  ♦  Road's End Catacombs  ♦  Rose Church  ♦  Roundtable Hold  ♦  Royal Grave Evergaol  ♦  Ruin-Strewn Precipice  ♦  Sainted Hero's Grave  ♦  Sealed Tunnel  ♦  Second Church of Marika  ♦  Seethewater Cave  ♦  Sellia Crystal Tunnel  ♦  Sellia Evergaol  ♦  Sellia Gateway  ♦  Sellia Hideaway  ♦  Sellia, Town of Sorcery  ♦  Seluvis's Rise  ♦  Shack of the Lofty  ♦  Shack of the Rotting  ♦  Siofra Aqueduct  ♦  Siofra River  ♦  Siofra River Well  ♦  Slumbering Wolfs Shack  ♦  Smoldering Church  ♦  Spiritspring  ♦  Stillwater Cave  ♦  Stormcaller Church  ♦  Stormfoot Catacombs  ♦  Stormgate  ♦  Stormhill  ♦  Stormveil Castle  ♦  stranded graveyard  ♦  Street of Sages Ruins  ♦  Subterranean Shunning-Grounds  ♦  Summonwater Village  ♦  Swamp Lookout Tower  ♦  Swamp of Aeonia  ♦  Temple Quarter  ♦  Testu's Rise  ♦  The Four Belfries  ♦  The Shaded Castle  ♦  Third Church of Marika  ♦  Tombsward Catacombs  ♦  Tombsward Cave  ♦  Tombsward Ruins  ♦  Tower of Return  ♦  Uhl Palace Ruins  ♦  Unsightly Catacombs  ♦  Village of the Albinaurics  ♦  Village Windmill Pasture  ♦  Volcano Cave  ♦  Walking Mausoleum  ♦  Weeping Peninsula  ♦  West Windmill Pasture  ♦  Windmill Village  ♦  Witchbane Ruins  ♦  Woodfolk Ruins  ♦  Writheblood Ruins  ♦  Wyndham Catacombs  ♦  Wyndham Ruins  ♦  Yelough Anix Ruins  ♦  Zamor Ruins\n\n

QUESTION
What unique equipment and magic can be found in the Deeproot Depths zone in Elden Ring?

ANSWER
Clarifying Boluses, Crucible Tree Set, Elden Stars, Golden Rune (6, 8, 9), Numen's Rune, Mausoleum Soldier Ashes, Prince of Death's Staff, Siluria's Tree, Staff of the Avatar, Prince of Death's Cyst
